Also by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson in Sphere Books:
FALCON I: THE R E N E G A D E LORD
FALCON 2: MECHANON
FALCON 3: THE RACK OF BAAL
FALCON 4: LOST IN TIME
FALCON 6: AT THE E N D OF TIME

Falcon 5:
The Dying Sun
MARK SMITH AND JAMIE THOMSON

Scanned and compiled by Underdogs
Home of the Underdogs
http://www.the-underdogs.org/

SPHERE BOOKS LIMITED
London and Sydney

EARTH 3034 AD

First published in Great Britain by
Sphere Books Ltd 1986
30-32 Gray's Inn Road, London WC1X 8JL
Copyright © 1986 by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson
Illustrations by Geoff Senior and Nic Weeks

TRADE
MARK

This book is sold subject to the condition that
it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent,
re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without
the publisher's prior consent in any form of
binding or cover other than that in which it is
published and without a similar condition
including this condition being imposed on the
subsequent purchaser.
Set in Andover
Printed and bound in Great Britain by
Collins. Glasgow

A third of the land's surface is populated with cities which
stretch miles up towards the Ionosphere and are also tunnelled
deep into the Earth's crust.
The world is united - war within the atmosphere of a single
planet can only lead to total destruction. Government is carried
out by Executives, each having full powers within a certain area.
The Food, Health, Pleasure and Enforcement Executives are
centred in Alpolis, a city covering what was once an independent
country - Switzerland - and it is here that the most recent
Executive, TIME, exists.
People live for fun, not to work. Most tasks are performed by
robots, so life is quite easy. Only 10% of the population still
works, and then only for fun or out of a sense of social duty.
Food is plentiful, the main source being a fungus grown in huge
vats under artificial light. Luxury foods, such as meat, are a
rarity. Communications have improved so as to transform
society: holophones connect all homes across the Space
Federation so it is possible to be in direct contact with many alien
species light years across space. Travel on Earth is done by
hovrail, jetcopter or stratocruiser, so that the longest journey
need take no more than an hour.
The average Earther lives for two hundred and fifty years and
the ageing process only begins during the last fifty years of life.
Life-prolonging drugs, called Anagathics, are freely available,
and transplant surgery is now a simple operation. Unfortunately, because people live longer, there are many
problems. There is overcrowding and very little to do which has
resulted in a rapid increase in violent crime. With so many
people needing new hearts, lungs and other organs there is a
shortage of spare parts for use in transplant surgery, so the
Enforcement Executive has passed a Termination Code. All
violent crimes are punishable by painless death. The Enforcement Executive has had sensors set up to catch criminals,
especially Bodybrokers who deal illegally in organs for surgery.
If Energy Weapons are used by criminals, for instance, a police
jetcopter will be there in seconds.
Earth, using Hyperdrive, faster-than-light travel, has estab-

lished itself as head of the Space Federation, which includes all
the earth colonies and alien planets. The Navy patrols the
colonies: Lastlanding, Proxima Centauri, Ascension and so on
as well as the alien worlds: Kelados, Sundew, Dyskra, Clyss
Rigel Prime, the Hive and others. Contact with alien life forms is
commonplace and the colony ships of the twenty-fourth
century are still approaching the centre of the galaxy.
How to Travel in Time
Travel through time involves crossing a fourth dimension/nullspace or the 'Void' as it is known. This dimension joins all points
in time and space from the beginning of the universe to its end
Imagine time as a cable. Earth's Timeline (or past, present and
future) is a single strand of this cable stretching from Earth's
beginning to the end of time. The Timelines of other planets run
alongside this and weave around each other, because events on
one planet affect things on another. These strands, or
Timelines, are insulated from the fourth dimension in the same
way that an electrical wire is insulated. At certain points there
are holes in the insulation allowing travel from one point on the
wire through this hole to a different point on this or another
wire. In this way a Time Machine may move from one 'timehole'
to another and from one point in space to another via null-space.
The timeholes are formed when the fabric of time is damaged by
unknown forces. They can be larger, but are usually less than
five miles across. Timeholes come and go as new damage occurs
and older timeholes close up naturally. The Monitoring Section
is responsible for keeping the map of current timeholes. At least
one hole has been there for a long time - the Eiger Vault, near
he TIME building in the Alps. It is thought to be a permanent
timehole and your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is kept there
along with those of the Lords of TIME and other Agents. Some
timeholes are safer than others and it is possible to go back in
time only to find that the hole through which you travelled has
closed up, trapping the unfortunate traveller in the past Time
passes at the same rate in all timeholes as on Earth. If you begin a
journey to a timehole ten minutes after somebody else does you
will arrive ten minutes later than them. Only those with Psychic
Awareness can navigate across null-space.
ATTACK

Game Rules

In certain paragraphs you will have the chance to attack an

enemy. When you choose to do so, you will be asked to make an
Attack Roll. To do this, roll two dice and add the numbers
together. You will be told which paragraph to turn to next,
depending on your score. In all combats you are more likely to
succeed if your score is high than if it is low.
ATTACK MODIFIER

Whenever you make an Attack Roll you must add or subtract
your Attack Modifier to the dice score. Your Attack Modifier
may change as the adventure unfolds and you should keep a
note of this on your Agent Profile (see end of this introduction).
To begin with your Attack Modifier is zero.
EVASION
In certain cases you may need to avoid the attack of an enemy or
escape from a difficult situation. You will be asked to make an
Evasion Roll, to which you must add or subtract your Evasion
Modifier. This works in the same way as the Attack Roll and
Attack Modifier as described above. Your initial Evasion
Modifier is also zero.
CHANCE
There are moments in any agent's career when pure luck will
play its part. On such occasions you will be asked to make a
Chance Roll. Roll one die. You will then be instructed to turn to
a new paragraph.
POWERS OF THE MIND

Some paragraphs will offer you the chance to make a mental
attack, either a Thinkstrike or Power of Will. Make an Attack
Roll, just as if you were attacking normally, but add or subtract
your Thinkstrike or Power of Will Modifier, not your Attack
Modifier. In all other ways mental attacks work in the same way
as a physical attack. To begin with your Thinkstrike and Power
of Will Modifiers are zero, as noted on your Agent Profile.
PSYCHIC AWARENESS

Your Psychic Awareness operates at all times and you will be
told when you have discovered anything of interest.
ENDURANCE

You, Falcon, start the adventure with 20 points of Endurance. If
you are wounded in combat, suffer something unpleasant such
as an acid atmosphere without a space suit, or become

exhausted, you will lose Endurance points. A running total of
your Endurance should be kept on your Agent Profile. If at any
time you fall to zero Endurance or less you are dead and your
adventure is over. Endurance points can be regained by visiting
the Autodoc in your Time Machine (see equipment list) and you
will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
Equipment
Standard Issue for TIME Special Agents
ITEM 1: MODEL A3 TIME MACHINE [see accompanying specifications]
Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is silver with bright
scarlet markings and is the eleventh machine capable of travel
through time ever built. Its cost cannot be computed, since it
involves the use of certain materials and scientific skills which
are priceless. The silver and scarlet hull will withstand
enormous pressure, heat and exposure to harmful gases and
liquids, as well as providing protection from radiation.
The six hydraulic legs which support the machine are extended
when it materialises in a new Timehole, to provide stability on
uneven ground. The Main Access is operated by invisible
Tractor Beams (energy beams that can be used to grip and lift)
that will draw the Time Traveller up into the cabin, to rest on
the Access Disc. This disc is matter but is changed to air as you
move through it by the Molecular Convertor (see Item 4). The
pressurised cabin is lined with instruments and gadgets. The
crash-couch is moulded to fit your shape and can be moved up to
the command console or up into the Flyer (see Item 6).
The air inside the machine is kept pure by the life support unit
and can be flushed out and replaced within ten seconds. The
Main Access will work only when its Memory Scanner
recognises your own brain patterns. Specially sensitive cameras
and power floodlights are mounted on top of the Machine. The
Variac Drive, which forces the Machine into null-space, is
housed beneath the deck and is controlled through your
computer (CAIN, see Item 7).
ITEM 2: HOLOGRAM GENERATOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Hologram Generator very important if the First Law of TIME is to be obeyed. The
Generator changes the appearance of the Machine by casting a
hologram around it, so the computer can make the Machine

look like a small wood, hayrick or grassy hill etc, which is very
lifelike unless you are within two metres of the Machine itself.
This stops people in history being curious at the sight of a highly
technological machine.

almost soundless. You are also issued with a Homing Beacon,
which, when activated, will make the flyer move to its location
as quickly as possible. The flyer is then piloted by its micro
computer. The Beacon is magnetic, and about the size of a die.

ITEM 3: HOLO-DETECTOR

ITEM 7: CAIN [Cybernetic Artificial Intelligence Nexus]
CAIN is one of the most advanced computers known to man. Its
data banks offer information on all subjects and historical data
on all Federation and alien planets. Its memory banks are
continuously updated with information concerning the Timeholes and it is able to link with the massive memory banks of the
TIME Service Computer at the Eiger Vault. A Holophone,
through which you can contact any other Holophone in the
Federation, is built into CAIN and you also have access to most
of the files kept by TIME. CAIN answers to your spoken
commands and runs the Time Machine for you. It can display
information visually, via the terminal screen, or verbally, using
its melodic chimes.

Due to the existence of Hologram Generators you may find it
difficult to see other Time Machines. As a member of the Time
Police you have been given a Hologram-detector which is
portable and operates to a range of fifty metres. This will reveal
the presence of a hologram and therefore another Time
Machine.
ITEM 4: MOLECULAR CONVERTOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Molecular Convertor, a
device which uses the rarest of all elements, Polybdenum, as its
fuel. Small articles, placed in the Convertor, are transformed
into whatever the computer decides. In this way, Time
Travellers have disguises which allow them to pass undetected
amongst the intelligent beings of other times. CAIN, your
computer, carries information about the Timeholes shown on
your map, so that the blueprints required by the Convertor to
make the disguises accurate, are usually available. Your Psionic
Helmet, for instance, can be turned into a legionary's helmet,
while keeping its modern powers.
ITEM 5: AUTODOC [see accompanying specifications]
This is a couch-like device which has needles, a drip, a blood
supply and surgical robo-arms. You may lie in the Autodoc
during the time taken to travel from one Timehole to another,
for instance, and come out healed, restoring your Endurance by
up to twelve points. You will be told when you can use your
Autodoc.
ITEM 6: FLYER [see accompanying specification]
Your crash-couch swivels up onto the platform of your flyer
when you wish to use it. The flyer is a small hover raft which is
catapulted out of the Time Machine through the Launch Doors,
two sections on top of the hull that slide apart. Once safely a way
from the Machine the Ion Drive can be cut in, giving the flyer a
top speed many times the speed of sound (Mach 6). It can hover
which allows you to use it as an observation platform, but it is
too small to carry a Hologram Generator and should only be
used when strictly necessary. Fortunately, its Ion Drive is

ITEM 8: BLASTER [see accompanying specifications]
This is your Standard Starship Trooper issue Plasma Pistol. It
fires superheated plasma to a range of 100 metres, and the
Energy Pack is sufficient for ten minutes' continuous use. You
have more Energy Packs in your weapons locker. Your blaster is
labelled, 'For use in exceptional circumstances only'.
ITEM 9: PSIONIC ENHANCER [see accompanying specifications]
This helmet helps your Powers of the Mind by damping all other
thoughts. It senses when you want to use your power and
activates automatically.
ITEM 10: ENVIRONMENT SUIT [see accompanying specifications]
A light, pressurised suit for use in vacuum, inhospitable
atmospheres and extreme ranges of temperature which
monitors your life signals such as pulse and temperature. It is
compatible with your Psionic Enhancer.
Personal Background
Special Agent (TIME)
Codename: Falcon
For three years you have studied at the Academy as a cadet
attached to TIME: the Temporal, Investigative and Monitoring
Executive, and you have passed the difficult training programme with flying colours. You have been selected from the

Academy to be a Special Agent because of your unusual talents,
having been born with Powers of the Mind: you can sense
things that others can't and even influence their actions
through thought alone. These powers have been strengthened
and focused during your training and you have been issued with
a Psionic Enhancer, a helmet which increases these mental
powers. You have been taught to attack the minds of others
with a blast of mental energy you call Thinkstrike. Your Power
of Will allows you to control the minds of those weaker than
you, and your Psychic Awareness allows you to sense things
that others cannot, including the presence of another with such
mental powers. This Psychic Awareness also lets you navigate
your Time Machine through time and space. Few have such
powers and even fewer are trusted with one of the small
number of Time Machines in existence.
You are expert in survival - including combat - armed and
unarmed. History and detective powers of deduction have also
been major subjects of study. You are now an Agent in the Time
Police, whose job is to guard the Timelines of the past and to
ensure that no one tampers with past events in any way that
would change things as they are now.
TIME, the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive,
was set up in Alpolis forty years ago shortly after Time Travel
was discovered. The realisation that anyone with access to Time
Travel could change the past so that the entire human race
might cease to exist was worrying, so Time Machines were built
for the Time Police in their crystal domed TIME headquarters,
in order to stop this. TIME is headed by five Lords, representing
the most powerful groups in the Space Federation. Each of these
has Powers of the Mind, and their own Time Machine.
The Executive is divided into four sections: Administrative,
Research, Monitoring and the Special Agent Section (or SAS).
The Monitoring Section, headed by Section Chief Jobanque, is
responsible for noting any disturbances in the past, or
Timelines, of the planets in the Federation. The Research
Section, headed by Section Chief Skirrow, is responsible for all
equipment used by Special Agents and is also examining the
possibilities of travel into the future, as yet impossible. Your
own Special Agent Section is headed by Section Chief Agidy
Yelov, a Siriun humanoid from the Federation member planet,
Sirius Secundus. Agidy Yelov and others have told you the

importance of the First Law of TIME when on active service: 'A
TIME Agent must, in all cases, act naturally according to the
time in which he is currently operating, thus minimising any
disruption of the Timelines his or her presence might be
causing'. As Yelov once said to you: 'There's no point in coming
back to 3033 AD if you have left an atomic hand gun near
Hitler's bunker, because this would change the present - in fact,
you'd probably find you had never existed!' As with all Special
Agents, your bloodline has been traced back, in your case to the
French Revolution in 1789 AD. Should any one of your
ancestors fail to produce the next in line it would be as if you had
never existed.
The rules are very simple - you could almost play this book
without reading them at all. But reading the Personal
Background and, of course, the Mission Brief will help you to
understand what is happening as you begin the adventure. If
you come across something you don't understand, don't worry,
check the Equipment List and this may give you a clue. If not,
carry on anyway, it will probably become clear later.
A Brief Historical Update
In Book 1: The Renegade Lord, you, as Falcon, after a desperate chase
across time thwarted the evil plans of the renegade Lord of
TIME. Falcon also discovered that the then Section Chief of the
Special Agents, Agidy Yelov, was in league with the Renegade
Lord and was a traitor. Falcon killed the Renegade Lord and
captured Yelov. Jobanque was given Yelov's old post.
In Book 2: Mechanon Yelov escaped and swore revenge against
Falcon and the Federation. Using the massed wardroids of the
factory planet, Mechanon, Yelov planned to conquer the galaxy.
But Falcon penetrated Mechanon and killed Yelov in a titanic
battle. However, Yelov's last act was to set into motion a series
of events that would completely destroy Earth. The only way
Falcon could save Earth from annihilation was by changing the
past, thus creating a paradox in time in which prior events never
took place. The Earth was saved, but Yelov was alive and still at
large - Falcon never killed him.
In Book 3: The Rack of Baal Baal, a cosmic supervillain with god-like
powers escaped from his bonds (the Rack) imposed upon him by
an ancient civilisation aeons ago. Falcon tracked down the Rack

of Baal, that had been scattered across time and space and was
able to imprison the super powerful being known as Baal - just.
For this and prior services Falcon was promoted to Section
Chief, Jobanque's old position. He in turn was made a TIME
Lord. However, Yelov was still at large ...

his hands and shrugs. 'There are three graduates who have
recently passed out of the Academy, none is ideal, but they are a
talented group. You may recruit one as Bloodhound's replacement. They will be in your office, ready for you to interview, at
noon today.

In Book 4: Lost in Time Skirrow of the Research Section had come
up with a way of travelling into the future - never before
attempted successfully. Falcon volunteered. A future trip was
made but in attempting to return home Falcon was hopelessly
lost amid the myriad timeholes of the space time continuum,
cast adrift on the winds of time. After many strange adventures
Falcon was able to activate a Stasis Field, thousands of years in
the past, and wait, frozen in time, until the 31st century. Upon
returning, Falcon was given a holiday on the pleasure dome of
Titan - but not for long. Yelov has been seen once more, this
time with powerful allies ...

'One of our moles in CYBERNET tells us that Yelov has made
contact with the criminal underworld on the exile-planet,
Barbarossa. He has recruited three of their most dangerous
operatives, the Thaccoid, Dark Star and the Symbiont. I suggest
you examine the Enforcement Executive files on them before
you select your new agent. Yelov is planning to use them in
some insane scheme, but we don't know what yet - perhaps to
kill you. Agent Leopard is on Barbarossa at the moment; you
may recall him if you wish. The files on the Academy graduates
are available now, I suggest you study them right away. That's
all. Falcon. Good hunting.'

Mission Brief
Rested and revitalised after experiencing the exotic delights of
the pleasure dome on Titan, Jobanque's summons to join him in
his office for your next mission briefing sends a tingle of
excitement through you.

Turn to 1.

Jobanque's smile, as welcoming as ever, matches the twinkle in
his eye as he enquires after your welfare. Your ordeal following
the attempt at future travel which lost you in time left you tense
and fatigued at your last meeting, but you are able to assure the
Lord of TIME that you have regained your enthusiasm for the
job. He laughs out loud when you ask, in mock apprehension,
whether Section Chief Skirrow of the Technical Section has any
new inventions for you to try - it was his addition to the Variac
Drive of Falcon's Wing that sent you into a parallel universe in
Jobanque soon becomes serious: 'I expect you'll enjoy this
mission, Falcon. Search and Destroy. Your target is your mortal
enemy, Yelov. Find him and kill him. We cannot afford to allow
him to live. You may use all available agents as long as someone
is delegated to police the timelines. Lynx is still out, recuperating
after her last brush with Yelov, and Bloodhound has
disappeared unaccountably. We simply cannot trace him, we've
tried everything - he could be anywhere in time and space ...
Talk about an amoeba in a fungspread vat.. .'Jobanque spreads

AGENT PROFILE:

1
As you return to your office you mull over the news that Yelov
has linked up with CYBERNET, the powerful crime syndicate.
The enforcement executive conceded long ago that it could not
destroy CYBERNET. Drugs, bodybroking, organised smuggling, stealing technical secrets, extortion, violence and countless
other activities have allowed CYBERNET to infiltrate all levels
of most societies. In all probability they are simply using the
insane Yelov for his Time Machine, but if CYBERNET succeed,
the danger to the Federation is ten times greater than the threat
posed by Yelov alone and he remains a shrewd and lethal
adversary. It will be imperative that you strike quickly. As your
office door slides open you resolve to choose your new agent as
quickly as possible. A message on your screen alerts you to a
recent happening in the vicinity of the 1743 star cluster. A new
and hostile civilisation has been discovered and three navy
probes to 1743 have failed to return. You decide that this
information is not personally relevant at this moment and
switch to file mode. You have two hours in which to study the
files before the interviews begin. Turn to 19.

2
You hit the rocky ground hard and slide across its surface,
cutting yourself painfully and knocking the breath out of
yourself. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you look up to
see the Symbiont running on. Nobody is nearby so you aim your
blaster and fire. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 24
If you score 7-12, turn to 40

3
Some hours later you are sitting in the Central Office of the
Siriun Enforcement Agency. It seems that Sparrowhawk used
her powers as a Special Agent of TIME to smuggle Yelov into
the black solar racer, then she kidnapped you and forced you to
take part in the mistaken belief that Yelov would be able to kill
you. The ship which rescued Yelov was a high speed freighter
controlled by CYBERNET, and Sparrowhawk followed it soon
afterwards in a hijacked scoutship from the Siriun navy. The
Siriun commissioner of Enforcers is very apologetic and
ashamed that Sparrowhawk was able to beat his security so
easily, but she was a trusted part of it. The Siriun navy tracked
the course of her ship and the CYBERNET freighter and it is

97.797% likely that they are heading for the exile-planet
Barbarossa. The Siriun commissioner places his fastest deepspace fighter at your disposal with which to follow them. As it is
probable that they have a Time Machine on Barbarossa, you
decide to travel to that dangerous planet. Turn to 9.

powers for the damper circlet protects her. As a Special Agent of
TIME she is unlikely to be bested by a weaponless attacker while
armed with a percussion rifle.

4

Walk up that ramp behind you, Falcon,' she orders. You turn to
do as she bids. Turn to 13.

Yelov looks up and spots you just as you level your blaster at
him. His reactions are like lightning and he spins back into the
Control Room out of harm's way. You couldn't help noticing the
hate and loathing in his eyes, the eyes of a madman. 'Curse you,
Falcon, you have come to plague me again, but this time I will be
revenged. I have changed the course of the Ark and even if you
manage to redirect it, you will be marooned here forever!'With
that he opens fire with his laser pistol, criss-crossing the
entrance to the Control Room with streaks of ruby light,
making it impossible for you to get in. A minute later you can see
two large metal legs materialising in the room in front of you.
You recognise them as belonging to a Model A3 Time Machine,
the rest of it blocked from view by the small corridor. There is a
shout of triumph from Yelov, but he keeps up his laser fire,
delaying you further. Then he ceases. You charge in only to be
greeted by the sight of the Time Machine phasing out again,
disappearing into null-space. Add another X to your list. If you
have eleven Xs, turn to 190. If not, turn to 26.

5
The jetcar's airshield has been blown off and, standing up, you
see Sparrowhawk squinting down the sights of a lightweight
percussion rifle that could blow your head off at a thousand
paces. She is dressed in a scarlet uniform similar to that of a
hussar of Napoleonic times on Earth. Her long black hair is held
up by a psionic damper circlet which you recognise as that given
to Agidy Yelov by the Hivers when he conspired with the
Renegade Lord to conquer the Federation. 'So you're in league
with Yelov?' you ask.
'You always were quick off the mark, Falcon,' Sparrowhawk
replies. '
'But why? He's insane!' you say.
'Because I love him and I can cure him.' You can tell that she is in
deadly earnest and you cannot assail her with your psychic

What are you going to do with me?' you ask.

6
You grope for the door of the hovcar, but the jetcopter screams
overhead, firing continuously. An energy pulse explodes on the
back of your thigh and the shock and pain cause you to lose
control of the man with the cannon. He immediately fires it,
blowing the hovcar into bits and you with it.

7
FILE
ENFORCEMENT EXECUTIVE
Criminal Dossier Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: THE THACCOID
Security Classification: Extremely Lethal Psychopathic (T.O.)
LIFE HISTORY: The only inhabitant of planet Thaccos to have
crossed the Earth Federation boundary, the Thaccoid was
captured, illegally, on its homeworld by zoo-stockists from Rigel
Prime. The race of Thaccoids is believed to be cunning,
carnivorous and incapable of reasoned restraint. While the
Thaccoid shows understanding, attempts to placate it have
proved ineffective.
The Thaccoid escaped from its storage cell on a Rigellian
freighter when the ship was attacked by Phocian pirates, and
broke ship at Barborossa where it was recruited by CYBERNET
and has proved most successful in inspiring terror in
securoguards and enforcers alike. The Thaccoid's actions, so
extreme in disregard for other life-forms, compelled the
Enforcement Executive to raise a Termination Order despite
the fact that it is the sole ambassador of its race.
APPEARANCE: Similar to a Terran wolf-spider, with a lizardlike head and eye-stalks, four metres tall and extremely strong.
Known to have a web-spinning capability usable in combat.

LOCATION: The Ariadne arm, tenth sub-quartile.
HOMEWORLD: THACCOS (text taken from Rigellian interrogation report). A planet with gravity slightly lower than
our own, sparsely vegetated, with many gigantic life-forms.
Mixed atmosphere. Rich in natural resources. Dominant lifeforms: dangerous and warlike.
END OF FILE

8
You breathe a sigh of relief when the plexiform couch in your
office moulds around your form. If you are wounded, you order
3 TIME medtech orderly to apply some field first aid to your
wound, whilst you call your secretary, Ameena, for an update
on the current situation. If you were wounded you may restore up
to 2 lost Endurance points. If you went to 1194 BC, turn to 18. If you
went to the timehole in space, turn to 42.

9
If you are to seek Yelov and Sparrowhawk on Barbarossa, a
planet whose denizens make the criminals of the Earth jail,
Chicago, look like volunteer Medtechs, you will need some
support from your team of Special Agents. If the CYBERNET
raid on a starport warehouse was successful, turn to 23. If not,
turn to 29.

10
Note down who you decide to send to the spaceport and to the
timehole in space. You can send Chameleon and your new agent
to one and Leopard and Sparrowhawk to the other. You also
have time to pick up three of the Weptech items in your office
for instance two of the grenades and one mini-laser. Refer back
to paragraph 100 if you wish to re-read the description) before
heading to the Eiger vault and Falcon's Wing, your Time
Machine. Within half an hour you have issued your orders to
your Speical Agents and are sitting in Falcon's Wing. You tell
CAIN to set co-ordinates for the timehole in 1194 BC. There is a
familiar tingle up your spine as you shift into null-space. Soon it
is rematerialising in real space but nearly 4,000 years in the past.
CAIN tells you he has disguised the ship with a hologram of a
clump of trees, and switches on the external cameras. You are
on a range of hills, looking down. On your left is a broad plain
leading to the sea with sandy beaches. Set back from the beach

and on your right is a hill on top of which lies an ancient city, its
adobe walls bright in the sunlight. Between the city and the sea
lies a raised mound with a tall pillar on top of it. Beached at the
sea's edge are three rows of wooden ships with lateen sails, long
and low. They have been there for some time, huts have been
built around them and tents are stretched between them. The
ships are surrounded by a wooden stockade with gates set in it at
intervals. In the encampment are men and women going about
their business, cooking and so on. At the furthest end of the
encampment from you, a large group of men are playing dice or
lying about, their armour and weapons by their side. This
strikes you as odd, for near the pillared mound a battle is raging.
Two lines of warriors face each other and sections join together
to fight briefly, then draw back. The warriors wear bronze
breastplates, greaves, and bronze crested helmets, many full
faced with curving cheekguards. Their thighs seem unprotected. Most of them carry shields, swords and thrusting
spears. Some are slingers and others archers. Some, generally
nobles and their picked men, or so it seems, ride light chariots of
wood and bronze, with sides of wickerwork. Each carries a
driver and one other. Some fight from their chariots, others
dismount to fight.
Amidst the battle you can pick out ritualised duels between
opponents. You ask CAIN what is going on. 'I have consulted
my data banks, Falcon. The city is Troy. The walled
encampment and the ships belong to the Achaeans or Greeks,
led by Agamemnon, their High King. It is said that Paris, the son
of Priam, the King of Troy, stole Helen, the wife of the Achaean
king, Menelaus, and that the Greeks have come to take her back,
but the prospect of great plunder, for Troy was a wealthy city, is
more than likely the Achaeans' prime motivation, for they were
seaborne raiders. The group of men lying idle in the Greek
encampment would be the Prince of Phthia, Achilles' men.
Achilles has argued with Agamemnon and refuses to fight. The
mound behind the Achaean lines is the Mound of Ilus, where
Ilus, the founder of Troy, is said to be buried. The river is the
Scamander.'
Thank you, CAIN,' you say. You will have to go out to the
battlefield and find who or what it is that has travelled to Troy
illegally. It is impossible to tell what changes in history could be
caused by, say, the prevention of Troy's destruction at the hands
of the Achaeans, but scientists at TIME have theorised about

the snowball effect. This theory suggests that the further back
in time one goes, the smaller the change necessary to influence
the future.
You notice that some of the Trojans have a leaping fish symbol
painted on their shields, presumably denoting them as men of a
Trojan prince, or one of their allies. You instruct CAIN to
activate the molecular convertor and provide you with the
armour of a bronze-age warrior. You decide to have the leaping
fish symbol emblazoned on your shield and go disguised as a
Trojan warrior. Finally, you take some plasnet field dressings,
hiding them in your shield, just in case. Turn to 22.
11

FILE
ENFORCEMENT EXECUTIVE
Criminal Dossier Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: DARK STAR
Security Classification: Very Dangerous, Kleptomaniac
LIFE HISTORY: Born Cestos, on Phocis in 2945 AD. At the age
of fifteen flew with her father on pirate raids against the Keladi
and commanded her own ship when he was killed by an Earth
Navy Cruiser's 'warning shot'. She swore undying hatred of
Earthers and disrupted space traffic to the colonies for several
years until her ship's drive was disabled and she was taken and
incarcerated in the Earth prison, Chicago. Her unsuspected
psychic talents allowed her to escape Chicago, one of a handful
ever to have accomplished this. She has been stealing and killing
humans ever since. She obtained passage to Barbarossa when
recruited by CYBERNET and is now one of their top operatives.
APPEARANCE: Typical hawk-head Phocian humanoid, moves
with bird-like grace and can be distinguished by red and purple
cheek feathers. She has the ability to teleport using the power of
thought, is extremely elusive and a skilled space-pilot.
ADDFILE / /1
THE PET
Dark Star stole an organism from the genetic experimentation
laboratories in Orleans which she calls the Pet. It was the most
successful product of the TERRORISE programme to develop

highly lethal terrestrial combat organisms.
APPEARANCE: Classified Access Code ORANGE
END OF FILE

12
You hit the ground shoulder first and roll, losing your body's
velocity and come to a stop, breathless and shaken but unhurt.
You look up to see the Symbiont running on. Nobody is nearby
so you aim your blaster and fire. Make an Attack R o l l .
If you score 2-6, turn to 24
If you score 7-12, turn to 40

13
The ramp leads up a dark tunnel into a covered bay near the
starport. At the top of the tunnel is a silver solar racer, one of the
special racing ships due to take part in the Solar Racer Grand
Prix around the dying sun, Sirius, tomorrow. Sparrowhawk
orders you to climb in. There is room inside the cramped cockpit
for only one. Will you:
Climb in?
Jump off the ramp to the floor of the bay ten
feet below and try to hide beneath the
spaceship?

Turn to 21
Turn to 37

14
Yelov looks up and recognises you instantly, his eyes filling with
hatred and malice, the eyes of a madman. As quickly as you can,
you hurl a Thinkstrike and he is caught unawares. He howls in
pain and staggers back, only his insane hatred of you keeping
him conscious. Desperately he begins firing his laser pistol
wildly at the corridor as he struggles for control of his mind and
body. His continual shots fill the entrance with streaks of ruby
light, pinning you down in the corridor. Suddenly two metal
legs materialise in the Control Room, you recognise them as
belonging to a model A3 Time Machine, the rest of it blocked
from view by the small corridor. There is a shout of triumph
from Yelov and the laser fire ceases. You charge in but only
catch a glimpse of Yelov holding his head in pain as he is drawn up
into his machine. Then it dematerialises back into null-space.
Turn to 26.

15
FILE
ENFORCEMENT EXECUTIVE
Criminal Dossier Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: SYMBIONT
Security Classification: Dangerous, sadistic psychopath
LIFE HISTORY: Born Coin Helm, in Joburgopolis, Earth, 2988
AD. Helm joined the space navy and served with distinction on
the Phocian borders, rising to become an Assault Leader among
the elite starship marines. He won the Cross of Gold for his
bravery during the second Hiver war. After the war he
demobbed and became a Singleship Scout. He followed Skirrow
to planet Hel in 600 AD where an unfortunate accident befell
him.
Helm was able to return his ship to the nearest Earth colony
(Lastlanding), but the being that stepped down from the
singleship was a tortured travesty of the battle hero who had so
intrepidly explored planet Hel. Fused into his back was a
parasite, resembling the blood-wet lobes of a giant liver, which
had thrust black veins beneath his skin. Helm had become the
Symbiont.
The parasitic infestation from Hel appears to feed on the psychic
waves produced by mental suffering. Helm is forced to inflict
this on others or suffer the effects of a painful poison which the
parasite releases into his blood system when hungry. Helm's
strong will has been eroded by the pain and horror of his
circumstances and CYBERNET have been able to recruit him in
exchange for 'safe' victims.
APPEARANCE: From the front the Symbiont appears as a
physically strong and resourceful Singleship Scout, showing
signs of extreme stress. From behind he appears as a grotesque
hunchback, whose liver-like flesh has erupted from beneath his
skin. The parasite quivers gently in time with his pulse, the
details of its sensory apparatus are unknown but Helm has
shown unusual strength since his return from planet Hel. It is
thought the parasite has psychic powers and augments Helm's
mind enabling him to use an 'Ego Whip', a psychic attack of great
power that causes intense mental pain in the victim, allowing
the parasite to feed.
END OF FILE

16
He staggers back momentarily, but your Thinkstrike has failed.
He raises his laser cannon and fires. The orange and white
hovcar erupts into a fireball and you with it, blown into
nothingness.
17
The Silver Dart rotates slowly as you try to dive towards the
sun, but you are too slow. Horror fills you as you catch sight of
the object hurtling towards your sail - it is a contact mine and
you are powerless to stop it destroying your lightsail. The blast
rocks the Silver Dart and it wrenches free from the debris of the
sail, but you haven't enough fuel to escape the gravity of the
giant sun. The ship accelerates until the hull begins to shudder.
Your skin blisters and begins to smoke, then the heat shields
overload and you are vapourised.
18
If you sent Agents Sparrowhawk and Leopard to the timehole in
space, turn to 54. If you sent them to deal with the CYBERNET
raid on the polybdenum warehouse, turn to 68.

19
Your plexiform couch moulds itself to the contours of your body
as you enter your security clearance code THETA into the
TIME Executive Computer. Will you:
Ask for a link to the Enforcement Executive
Computer to study the files on Yelov's
supervillain associates?
.
Turn to 31
Study the files of the three graduates from the
Academy who you will soon be interviewing? Turn to 49
Remind yourself of the agents presently under
your command?
Turn to 63

20
[Score an X]
Concentrating your mental faculties, you hurl a blast of psychic
power at the raging predatory mind of the Thaccoid. There is a
moment's hesitation but it seems unhurt, either its mind is of
too alien a nature or it is invulnerable to Thinkstriking. The Web
is hurtling towards you and time is running out. Decide
whether you will fire at the Thaccoid (turn to 352) or fire at the
web itself (turn to 32), but subtract two from your Attack
modifier for that attack only because you are hurried.

21
Once you are crammed inside the cockpit of the solar racer,
Sparrowhawk begins to explain. The authorities are just
beginning to worry about you, Falcon. I controlled the mind of
the Enforcers sent to collect you from the sterilisation dome and
brought you here. Agent Leopard tried to stop me, he had a
nasty accident.' She pauses to look around, then continues: 'As
you can see, you are in a solar racer. You're going to take part in
the Grand Prix tomorrow, Falcon, and so is Agidy Yelov. If you
are skilful enough to survive the race Agidy will make sure you
die. I'd kill you myself, but Agidy wants the pleasure. Your racer
has as good a chance as any. Oh, yes ... I nearly forgot. The
lascom unit doesn't work. You will be just another casualty of
the most dangerous sport in the galaxy, burnt up in the dying
sun, nobody will ever know what happened to Falcon, the
saviour of Earth.' She activates the airlock and you are
entombed in darkness. Turn to 79.

22
Soon you are dressed in a bronze breastplate, a crested helmet,
greaves and a pleated white kilt, and leather sandals. A hiltless
sword hangs in a leather scabbard at your belt. A round shield is
slung on your arm and you hold a spear in your right hand. You
may take a CSX gas grenade, a hunter/seeker and a mini-laser if
you wish, but obviously not the harpoon/grapple gun. You may
also take your blaster. Note down which, if any, weapons you
have taken. When you are ready you step out in the sun of
bronze-age Turkey. You activate your hologram detector, but it
doesn't register the presence of another machine's hologram.
Of course, whoever is here may not be trying to disguise his or
her Time Machine. In any case, you cannot see it.
You descend to the plain below, travelling in a wide arc so that
you appear behind the left flank of the Trojan lines, near to the
mound of Ilus. The battle surges all around you. It is a fierce and
Woody struggle, their bronze weapons inflicting horrible
wounds. You hang back, scanning the area with your Psychic
Awareness, hoping to find your target, but all you can pick up is
fear, blood lust, a simple wish to survive or sometimes, the lust
for 'glory'.
Suddenly the Trojans in front of you begin to give ground and
you hear cries of 'Diomedes, it is Diomedes.' A chariot rides into
the Trojan line, and a young bearded Achaean, lithe and

muscular, is hurling spears from it with deadly accuracy. The
Trojans in his immediate vicinity fall back away from him. A
group of Achaeans is following close behind its leader in a
charge. The chariot bursts through the Trojan front line. You
are taller than most in this time period and Diomedes cannot
help noticing you. With one swift movement, he hurls a spear at
you. Will you:
Try to take it on your shield?
Try to dodge aside?

Turn to 34
Turn to 50

23
As you are preparing to board the Siriun deep-space fighter a
holophone message from Jobanque, the Lord of TIME, comes
rough. 'Congratulations, Falcon, I hear you've given up your
duties with TIME and become a solar racer.' You laugh and he
goes on: 'But you've left one small problem here on Earth that
needs looking after. Please detail one of your agents to follow up
the attack on the starport warehouse. We must recover the
polybdenum. Terminating holo-contact. Falcon. Good luck.'
Seeing Jobanque's face reminds you of Leopard whose brain has
been placed in a nearby resuscitation tank. He has suddenly
recovered consciousness and his mind shouts out to yours: 'For
space's sake get me out of here and inside a tin-can body, Falcon.'
Don't worry, you'll be back in the Health Executive hospital in
Alpolis tomorrow,' you think back, and his mind leaves yours.
You decide to detail your least experienced remaining agent, not
Chameleon, to track down the polybdenum and send a
holophone order to that effect. Turn to 39.

24
A bolt of plasma hurtles towards the running man but your aim
is off and it crashes into the earth some feet to his left, throwing
up a shower of dirt and stones. You run after him but he
outstrips you fast. He runs up into the hills until he comes to a
Time Machine you recognise as Yelov's stolen model A3. The
Symbiont has not even bothered to disguise it with a hologram.
You follow, gasping for breath, having run at full pelt for some
time. You can do nothing as the Symbiont dematerialises, bound
for some other timehole. Despondent at the Symbiont's escape,
you return to Falcon's Wing. It looks like the Symbiont's
incursion to Troy had no real purpose - probably a diversion

you think, and you hurry to return to your office. You set coordinates for the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD, and soon you are
tumbling through the grey nothingness of null-space bound for
home. You may rest in your Autodoc during your journey and
regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 130.

25
The Silver Dart rotates excruciatingly slowly as you try to dive
towards the sun. Horror fills you as you catch sight of the object
hurtling towards your sail. It is a contact mine and if it hits, your
sail will be destroyed. The sail flexes as you turn more sharply
and the mine misses its edge by a few yards. When you regain
your course, the black and yellow racer has moved some way
head of you. Turn to 131.

26
You hurry over to the ship's navigation computer, knowing you
must set its course back to the original, or risk the possible
destruction of the Federation. You run a systems check. Your
heart sinks - not only has Yelov changed the ship's course, but

he has drastically slowed up the ship's speed, using up some of
its precious fuel to do so. You call up the star chart. The original
destination of the Ark was the M43 star cluster. Which course
will you direct the computer to take:

Course 1?

Turn to 80

Course 2?
Course 3?

Turn to 92
Turn to 118

27
Chameleon drops Dark Star with a plasma bolt even as you open
fire, but Sparrowhawk's blaster knocks Squirrel to the floor and
she shouts, 'Tell Falcon to surrender or you die.' You turn to fire
at Sparrowhawk but a sudden yearning to protect poor Squirrel
overpowers you. In her panic she is using her powers of
influencing emotion to dictate your behaviour. Chameleon
watches dumbstruck as you throw down your blaster and
Sparrowhawk uses hers to wipe your head neatly from your
shoulders. Chameleon falls to Yelov's blaster and the Siriun
madman will hold history to ransom.

28
He throws his head back and grunts before slumping to the
ground in a heap. Just then a loud roar fills the air. Swooping low
over the hovcar park towards you is a plain, unmarked jetcopter,
which is illegal. At its side is mounted the vicious looking snub
turret of a pulse laser, also illegal, of course. It almost certainly
belongs to CYBERNET. Only they would have the resources to
deploy such equipment. It opens fire, spitting pulses of energy,
strafing the hovcar park, the small explosions getting nearer
and nearer to you. Will you:
Open fire at the jetcopter?
Turn to 36
Try to get into the orange and white hovcar and
Turn to 46
fly away?

29
You order Agent Chameleon to accompany you to Barbarossa;
he will board a ship from Earth that will dock with yours in orbit
above the exile-planet. Which Agent did you choose to join your
force of TIME police:
Squirrel (Sosquilla)?
Blade (Yellowblades)?
Cobra (The Bounty Hunter)?

Turn to 85
Turn to 107
Turn to 115

30
You try to fight it, but you can't prevent the total agony that
wracks your mind. You scream in pain, sinking to your knees,
and the hump on the Symbiont's back pulses faster, feeding
from your psychic anguish. Through the haze of pain, you sense
the Symbiont walking forward, preparing to finish you off with
the sword he has drawn. Make another Power of Will Roll as
you try to force your body to run, despite the agony that
threatens to reduce you to a quivering mass.
If you score 2-7, turn to 272
If you score 8-12, turn to 286

If you score 7-12, turn to 25
If you score 2-6, turn to 17

34

31
Your link with the Enforcement Executive computer, the
largest in Alpolis, is open; you are at liberty to investigate the
files of known CYBERNET Operatives. The holoscreen flashes
a message.
ENTER FILE NAME TO BE VIEWED
Will you type in:
THE THACCOID?
DARK STAR?
THE SYMBIONT?

Sirius itself had kindled it. Suddenly your attention is distracted.
The deep radar has picked up a small object falling through space
towards you from the back of the black and red racer, but it is
too small to see. Anything hitting your sail at two-tenths the
speed of light would destroy it utterly, but it will not be easy to
take evasive action with the cumbersome lightsail ship you are
now flying. Make an Evasion Roll.

Turn to 7
Turn to 11
Turn to 15

Note this paragraph number and once you have read the file of
your choice return here. You may consult these files at any time
during your adventure.

You whip your shield up to protect yourself, but the spear hits it
with such force that it bursts through the bronze and pricks
your upper arm. Lose 2 Endurance points. The spear weighs down
your shield and as you hurriedly pull it out, Diomedes leaps
nimbly from his chariot, another spear in his hand. Nearby,
Trojans and Diomedes' men fight on. Another chariot bearing a
slim-built wiry man, older than Diomedes, approaches from the
Achaean lines. You gather from the shouts of the Achaeans that
his name is Odysseus. Diomedes is readying himself to attack
you again. Will you:
Turn to 102
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 116
Hurl your spear at him?
Turn to 82
Turn and run?
Draw and fire your blaster at Diomedes if you
Turn to 94
are carrying it?

35
If you wish to begin the interviews, turn to 111. If you would
like to examine a new set of files, turn back to 19.

32
You unleash a blast of superheated plasma at the fast
approaching web-net. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 44
If you score 2-4, turn to 56

33
As you steadily overhaul the solar racer ahead, you strain to
identify it visually. It turns slightly and you see its colours, black
with red flames licking backwards from its nose as if the fire of

You find it too difficult to aim in free fall and the military laser is
damaging your sails so you pull yourself back into the Silver
Dart to wrestle with the controls once more. Turn to 93.

36
Drawing your blaster, you aim at the plexi-glass cockpit and fire.
Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 66
If you score 7-12, turn to 58

37
As you tense to leap, Sparrowhawk reads the signs of your
tautening muscles. She flips the switch on the percussion rifle to

half power and blows your feet out from under you. You
somersault through the air like a doll and crash down to the
glasteel floor of the bay. Lose 7 Endurance points. If you are still alive
you decide to do as Sparrowhawk says and climb into the
narrow confines of the solar racer's cockpit. Turn to 21.

to Troy had no real purpose - probably a diversion you think,
and you hurry to return to your office. You set co-ordinates for
the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD and soon you are tumbling through
the grey nothingness of null-space bound for home. You may
rest in your Autodoc during your journey and regain up to 12 points
of lost Endurance. Turn to 130.

38
The bolt of superheated plasma impacts near his feet, hurling
him across the Control Room. He cries out in pain and rage, his
legs badly burnt, but he is coming to his feet. Just then a shape
begins to materialise between you and him. It is a model A3. You
recognise it as Yelov's stolen Time Machine. Yelov gives a shout
of triumph: 'The Symbiont! At last.' As you move to open a line
of sight between you and Yelov, he begins firing his laser pistol
indiscriminately in your direction, forcing you to keep your head
down. He continues firing wildly as he is drawn up into the Time
Machine. Moments later, it dematerialises, phasing out into
null-space. Turn to 26.

Squirrel is insane - meeting the Symbiont was too much for her
to take. So you must send your only remaining Agent,
Chameleon, to track down the polybdenum stolen from the
starport. You will have to travel alone. Your sojourn on the
exile-planet, Barbarossa, is but brief. You land in a quiet corner
of Smugglers port, but step into a cunningly disguised mantrap
designed to catch Earther Enforcers. With no-one there to
release you, a painful death claims you as metal spikes slowly but
inexorably inch together through your stomach and back.

39
Which agent did you choose to join your force of TIME police:
Squirrel (Sosquilla)?
Blade (Yellowblades)?
Cobra (The Bounty Hunter)?

Turn to 45
Turn to 65
Turn to 77

40
A bolt of plasma hurtles towards him and strikes the ground,
inches from his feet, throwing up a shower of dirt and stones.
The Symbiont is lifted into the air and hurled forwards to land in
a heap. His shield flies away from him. You are up and running
after him but he is not seriously hurt for he staggers to his feet
and sprints on. You run up to his shield and discover the gun
with the homing missiles hidden inside it. It has one rocket left.
Upon closer examination you see that the hunter/seeker type
pistol rocket detects a person's body heat and homes in on it.
You run after the Symbiont but he is outstripping you fast. He
runs up into the hills until he comes to a Time Machine which
you recognise as Yelov's stolen model A3. The Symbiont has not
even bothered to disguise it with a hologram. You follow,
gasping for breath, having run at full pelt for some time. You
can do nothing as the Symbiont dematerialises, bound for some
other timehole. Despondent at the Symbiont's escape, you
return to Falcon's Wing. It looks like the Symbiont's excursion

41

42
If you sent Sparrowhawk and Leopard to deal with the
Cybernet raid on the polybdenum warehouse, turn to 140. If
you sent them to the timehole in 1194 BC, turn to 152.

43
Your blast slices through Sparrowhawk's legs as she spins to fire
at you and she falls, lifeless, to the floor. Dark Star knocks
Squirrel onto her back, but Chameleon finishes the job which
Squirrel started and Dark Star breathes no more. You look past
the scene of carnage to the Time Machine. Yelov and the
Symbiont are being drawn up inside it together. You open fire
but it is too late. Seconds later the machine dematerialises. Once
more Agidy Yelov has slipped through your grasp. He has
jumped to a different timehole. There is nothing you can do but
dash back to Falcon's Wing and chase him across time and space.
Squirrel is too badly wounded to accompany you - you will have
to leave her behind. You lose no time and within minutes arrive
safely back at the spaceport where Falcon's Wing awaits. Turn
to 89.

44
[Score an X]
The jet of superheated plasma cuts through the net, the intense
heat shrivels it like burning hair and in a few seconds it has
completely gone. Your translator renders the Thaccoid's

strange clicking as an expression of frustrated rage. However it
still has you pinioned between two of its massive legs and it
begins to draw you down to its hideous gaping maw, its eyes
black pools fixing you in a seemingly blank, expressionless stare.
Will you:
Fire your blaster at the Thaccoid mouth
area?
Turn to 64
Fire at one of the legs that hold you?
Turn to 76
Try to control the Thaccoid using your Powers
of Will?
Turn to 52

45
If you ordered the Ardann agent, Squirrel, to Troy, turn to 41. If
not, she can track down the polybdenum from the starport. You
order Chameleon to board an Earther navy ship which will dock
with the Siriun craft and will carry you in orbit above the exile
planet. Turn to 129.

46
You are at the door of the hovcar when a stream of energy
pulses slam into you. Your thigh, back and shoulder erupt with
explosive force and the hovcar bursts into flames. Your battered
body is hurled into it and you are burnt alive.

message flashes onto your holoscreen. Pressing the receive
button brings an array of characters into the air before you. It is
the Academy's report on the three candidates you are to
interview.
Name

Yellowblades

Sosquilla

Bounty
Hunter

8
8
10
9
7
7
6
9
7
8

7
7
2
2
10
9
9
5
5
6

7
10
7
8
7
8
6
9
4
8

Reflexes
Sim-Combat Skill
Unarmed Combat Skill
Deadliness
Intelligence (General)
Speed of Thought
Powers of Logic
Resistance to Stress
Leadership
Survival

(maximum score 10)
PSYCHIC POWERS
POW
Thinkstrike
Psychic Awareness
Other

very good
good

47
You have already lost time picking up your lightsail and the
course you have chosen is too slow. You fall behind and struggle
to shorten your orbit, but tacking against the sun's rays with
your sail is not easy and the neutron shields overload as you pass
around the far side of Sirius. You begin to vomit and bleed from
the nose and mouth but soon, mercifully, oblivion takes you.

48
Yelov, reflexes like lightning, dives to the side. The bolt of
superheated plasma streaks past him to crash into the wall of
the Control Room in a shower of flaming sparks. Lying prone,
he aims his laser pistol at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 70
If you score 7-12, turn to 60

49
As your fingers hover over the keyboard in your desk top, a

good
good
good
good
good
good
Emotion Invulnerenhance- able to
mental
ment
attack

Note this paragraph number in case you wish to call up this
information again before making your decision. Turn to 53.

50
The spear streaks towards you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 62
If you score 7-12, turn to 74

51
Your Thinkstrike does not fell the Symbiont but it does free
Chameleon from the Ego Whip which had held him helpless.
Then all three of you open fire together and Dark Star and
Sparrowhawk die in a storm of plasma. You look beyond the
carnage as a bolt from the Symbiont's weapon knocks Blade
into his back. Yelov and the Symbiont are being drawn up into

the Time Machine together. You open fire but it is too late.
Seconds later the machine dematerialises. Once more Agidy
Yelov has slipped through your grasp. He has jumped to a
different timehole. There is nothing you can do but dash back to
Falcon's Wing and chase him across time and space. Blade is too
badly wounded to accompany you, you will have to leave him
behind. You lose no time and within minutes arrive safely back
at the spaceport where Falcon's Wing awaits. Turn to 89.

52
Your mind reaches out in attempt to control the Thaccoid but all
that you find is a single consuming thought - to kill and eat you.
You find nothing to control although you do find some form of
reasoning mind, but its prime motive seems to be to eat and
survive, no other considerations enter into its thought
processes. It seems to understand what is happening however,
for it conjures up images of you screaming and kicking, being
devoured alive. It is pulling you closer to its mouth. You have no
choice but to use your blaster. You decide to try and shoot at one
of the legs holding you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-7, turn to 96
If you score 8-12, turn to 86
Which file will you call up:

53

File 55: Yellowblades?
File 57: Sosquilla's?
File 59: The Bounty Hunter's?

Turn to 55
Turn to 57
Turn to 59

Note this paragraph number and once you have read the file of
your choice, return here. You may consult these files at any time
during your adventure.
If you wish to begin the interviews, turn to 111. If you would
like to examine a new set of files, turn back to 19.

54
Suddenly everything goes black before your eyes and you blink
out of existence. It was as if you had never existed.
Sparrowhawk and Leopard have failed to deal with whatever
situation they found at the timehole in space and the past has
been changed so that you were never born.

55
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Yellowblades
POSITION: Graduate of the Academy, SAT training course
5PECIES: Rigellian
BORN:
Rigel Prime, 2944 AD
LIVES:
Centridome, Asteroid Belt, Sol system
PERSONAL HISTORY
Yellowblades is, even by Rigellian standards, a splendid physical
specimen. Reigning champion of the tribal arena, he is the hero
of Rigel Prime. Discovery of his latent psychic abilities, which
have since been developed at the academy, by Time Lord
Silvermane, made him a natural candidate for the SAT agent
training course. Lord Silvermane, who is of the same tribe, is his
sponsor, and has provided a character reference which is
summarised here: 'Yellowblades is possessed of superb reflexes,
great courage and the quickness of thought necessary to
triumph in the arena of Rigel Prime. He has become a keen
student of history and his powers of the mind are developing
strongly. His natural arrogance is diminishing as he realises the
varied demands that will be made on him if he becomes a Special
Agent.'
HOMEWORLD
Rigel Prime is a large, high-gravity world covered by farmland
ranges. The population is 30.131 billion. Yellowblades' tribe is in
power but occasional differences are settled through ritual
combat, no longer to the death, between chosen tribal
champions. The Rigellians' culture is based upon the code of the
warrior and physical strength is still prized.
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
The Rigellians developed space travel in the 1890s and first
contacted an Earther spaceship in 2152 AD. There was a long
history of minor frontier wars as both Rigel and Earth staked
claim to various barren planets useful only for the easily mined
asteroids which surrounded them. These were eventually
settled after the Battle of the Flying Coffins, notable because
less than ten percent of the personnel involved survived it. Rigel

Prime joined the Federation soon afterwards. The Rigellians
assisted the Earthers in the great Hive War and without their
help the war might have been lost.

END OF FILE
56
The blast of plasma hurtles past the web into the bulkhead
beyond, with a thunderous flash. You have missed and the web
slaps onto you. Instantly you are stuck fast in its gluey embrace.
You thresh wildly but it only serves to enmesh you further. The
Thaccoid spins the net around, bundling you up in the web,
cocooning you. You can do nothing as it draws you to its mouth
and begins to eat you alive.

57
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Sosquilla
POSITION: Graduate of the Academy SAT training course
SPECIES: Ardann
BORN:
Arden
LIVES:
Spiro's Ringworld
PERSONAL HISTORY
Sosquilla was brought to the notice of one of our intrepid
singleship scouts by tales of her extraordinary mental powers.
She could not, at first, be induced to leave Arden, until ordered
to do so by the Ardann Elders. Physically timid, she has adapted
to life inside the Earth Federation tolerably well, but her powers
of the mind are largely responsible for this since she can manage
the degree of any emotion felt by whoever she meets. She is also
a genius, learning bio-mechanics, electronics and servo biofeedback theory in only a few months. She has a strong desire to
succeed and is aware that, as ambassador of the Ardann, she
must acquit herself nobly. Her high level of self control allows
her inclination to absolute privacy to be overcome so that
normal working relationships may be established.
HOMEWORLD
Arden is an Earth type planet covered in luxuriant vegetation.

lakes and forests. Food is abundant and life is easy except
during the polar cycles which last for ten years in every forty.
The Ardann are highly intelligent and civilised but have
not developed any significant reliance' on technology or
machinery.
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
Arden was discovered by a Rigellian trader in 2804 AD but
the Rigellians visited it seldom for the Ardann were not interested in trade. They remain timorous and anxious to avoid
contact with spacefarers, although the Elders have recognised
the possible advantages, particularly in terms of safety, offered
by joining the Federation, and have duly sent Sosquilla to
Earth. Her family see this as a sacrifice rather than an opportunity.
END OF FILE

58
A lancing bolt of superheated plasma strikes the cockpit of the
jetcopter. It explodes, killing the pilot instantly. The jetcopter
lurches and then drops out of the air to crash to the hovcar park
where it erupts into flames. Then a Citpol jetcopter siren wails
nearby - the Enforcers have arrived. Suddenly a streak of ruby
light cuts the prone body of the man who held the cannon,
killing him instantly. He has been shot by the sniper in the
communication Tower, presumably to prevent him from
falling into your hands and revealing too much. An Enforcer
jetcopter hurtles past, headed for the Communication Tower,
whilst another lands on the hovcar park. Two Enforcers in blue
and gold uniforms step out. They cover you with their lasguns.
'ID - come on, move!' shouts one rudely. You hand him your ID
chip and he inserts it into a wrist terminal. 'Ah, er, Section Chief
Falcon eh? Well, what's been going on here, Sir?' he asks. You
tell him and he nods. 'We'll have to have a full report later.' With
that he steps back into the jetcopter and leaves, bathing you in
exhaust fumes. TIME is not popular with the Enforcers. Using a
public holophone, you call the TIME Building and ask for a
security hovcar to come out and pick you up. Soon you are back
in the High Security Wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

59
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: 'The Bounty Hunter'
POSITION: Graduate of the Academy SAT training course
SPECIES: Earther human
BORN:
Ascension
LIVES:
Apogee Palace Hotel, Alpolis, Earth
PERSONAL HISTORY
The man who calls himself the Bounty Hunter stowed away on
a space freighter at the age of fourteen and escaped repatriation
for five years. The experience he gained allowed him to work as
a highly paid bodyguard until he was wealthy enough to buy his
first single-ship, a Cobra class all-purpose fighter. He gradually
armed the ship with the most advanced weaponry available and
became the most feared Bounty Hunter Earth-side of the
Cygnus Cluster. Brave to the point of recklessness and a loner,
he has so far responded well to authority. He has an obsessive
dislike of criminals and space pirates, having retired many
CYBERNET operatives. Seven years ago CYBERNET offered a
Bauhaus designed lancer cruiser to anyone who could terminate
the Bounty Hunter. He still lives and this alone is sufficient
testimony to his survival skills.
HOMEWORLD
Ascension. An Earth colony which fulfils all the criteria for
habitability but whose atmosphere encourages a fast rate of
mutation, with the effect that new diseases break out regularly,
wiping out many of the people of Ascension before new
antidotes can be found. Society has fragmented and people
seldom risk close contact with strangers.
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
Ascension has its own defences against would-be attackers and
benefits from its easily assumed neutrality to trade with other
species using hermetically sealed roboships.
END OF FILE

60
You roll aside as a streak of ruby light lances past you. Yelov
curses and aims again. Just then a shape begins to materialise
between you and him. It is a model A3. You recognise it as
Yelov's stolen Time Machine. Yelov gives a shout of triumph,
The Symbiont! At last.' As you move to open a line of sight
between you and Yelov, he begins firing his laser pistol
indiscriminately in your direction, forcing you to keep your head
down. He continues firing wildly as he is drawn up into the Time
Machine. Moments later, it dematerialises, phasing out into
null-space. Add another X to your list. If you have reached
eleven Xs, turn to 190. Otherwise turn to 26.

your command. You are invited to enter a file number to view
the personnel file of each agent.

61
As you settle into your new course and Sirius glows redly before
you, one of the racers begins to drop back towards you. Will you:

you wish to begin the interviews, turn to 111. If you would
like to examine a new set of files, turn back to 19.

Change course closer to the red giant of a sun?Turn to 103
Hold steady as she goes?
Turn to 33

62
The spear is too fast for you and it slams into your breastplate,
piercing the bronze armour, and bites into the fleshy part of
your shoulder. Lose 6 Endurance points. Blood flows down your
front, red and sticky, as you pull out the spear. You stagger back,
gasping in pain. With a cry of triumph Diomedes leaps nimbly
from his chariot, another spear in his hand. Nearby, Trojans and
Diomedes' men fight on. Another chariot bearing a slim-built,
wiry man, older than Diomedes, approaches from the Achaean
lines. You gather from the shouts of the Achaeans that his name
is Odysseus. Diomedes is readying himself to attack you again.
Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 102
Hurl your spear at him?
Turn to 116
Turn and run?
Turn to 82
Draw and fire your blaster (if you are carrying
it) at Diomedes?
Turn to 94

63
The holoscreen flashes up a list of the agents currently under

File 67: Agent Bloodhound
File 69: Agent Lynx
File 71: Agent Chameleon
File 73: Agent Leopard
File 75: Agent Sparrowhawk

Turn
Turn
Turn
Turn
Turn

to
to
to
to
to

67
69
71
73
75

Note this paragraph number. Once you have read the file of
your choice, return here. You may consult these files at any time
during your adventure.

64
You unleash a blast of superheated plasma and it takes the
Thaccoid full in the mouth. There is a high-pitched scream of
agony and it scuttles backwards, but it doesn't drop you. You are
amazed to see that although hurt it is essentially undamaged,
marvelling at its innate toughness, enabling it to withstand
even a plasma blast you are horrified to see that it is drawing you
closer to its steaming mouth. You have no choice but to try and
shoot out one of the legs holding you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 96
If you score 7-12, turn to 86

65
You order Blade to track down the polybdenum from the
Starport and Chameleon to accompany you to Barbarossa,
telling him to board an Earther navy ship which will dock with
the Siriun craft, carrying you, in orbit around the exile planet.
Turn to 129.

66
The bolt of plasma streaks past the incoming jetcopter to
dissipate in the skies above Alpolis. It swoops low and a stream
of energy pulses explode all around you. The hovcar bursts into
flames and you are hit in the legs, chest and face, the force of the
pulse hurling you backwards onto the flaming car, where you
are burnt to death.

67
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Paparestis, Giorgio (Agent Bloodhound)
POSITION: Agent First Class, Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES: Earther Human
BORN:
Calgary Starport, 2953 AD
LIVES:
TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth
PERSONALITY
Brave, calm and quick-thinking under pressure. Bloodhound
was the first Special Agent recruited from the Academy and
remains its most experienced. He has proven himself in
countless operations across time and space, showing the ideal
capacities called for in a member of the TIME Police. He was
unlucky to have been passed over by Agent Falcon, who was
chosen ahead of him to replace the traitor Agidy Yelov as Head
of the Special Agent section, but retains a good working
relationship with his new superior.
Agent Bloodhound volunteered to attempt to move forward in
time in Falcon's place but Falcon refused this. While Falcon was
lost in time, Bloodhound sustained a serious injury, losing two
fingers and the use of an arm while policing the Phocian
timeline. After recuperating he set off on a mission to guard a
timehole on Rigel Prime and has not been heard of since. He
seems to have vanished without a trace.

HOMEWORLD

Earth

DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
(Homeworld Earth)

END OF FILE
68
A report on the polybdenum raid is flashed up on the screen for
you. It seems the Dark Star and her pet led a team of
CYBERNET agents on a raid about an hour ago. Dark Star used
her teleportation powers to break into the warehouse, despite

extensive security. About twenty CYBERNET agents, exextensively equipped and well trained, an elite squad, raced into
the warehouse. The Enforcer squad were overwhelmed and a
battle ensued between the Dark Star and agents Sparrowhawk
and Leopard. Leopard began to get the upper hand, stunning her
pet, but the Dark Star teleported behind Leopard and blew his
leg away. Leopard is currently undergoing repairs and will be
operational again very soon, once his new bionic leg has been
fitted. Sparrowhawk reports that she launched a powerful
mental attack, but was repulsed by strong psychic defences.
Interestingly, Leopard has left an unofficial message for you in
which he says he felt Sparrowhawk did not try hard enough
with the Dark Star. However, the official Enforcer report states
she was responsible for getting several of their men out of the
warehouse alive, and that she caused many casualties among
the CYBERNET team. However the survivors escaped with
twenty-four rods of polybdenum. Note down that the
polybdenum raid was successful.
If you sent Agent Chameleon and Agent Squirrel (Sosquilla) to
the timehole in space, turn to 78
If you sent Agent Chameleon and Agent Blade (Yellowblades) to
the timehole in space, turn to 88
If you sent Agent Chameleon and Agent Cobra (the Bounty
Hunter) to the timehole in space, turn to 98

69
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Sydney, Harlo (Agent Lynx)
POSITION: Agent First Class, Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES: Earther Human
BORN:
Proxima Centauri, 2971 AD
LIVES: TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth

PERSONALITY
Cool and efficient, quick-thinking and reliable, Agent Lynx was
the third agent recruited to the Special Agent Section, shortly
after agent Q who was killed investigating a disturbance on the

Kelados timeline. She was trained in combat by Agidy Yelov and
is the most deadly of the SAS Agents. Like Bloodhound she has
acquitted herself nobly in operations throughout time and
space. She recently tracked the traitor Yelov down to the
battlefield of Gettysburg where she bravely attempted to serve
the Termination Order on him single-handed. She was severely
wounded and is presently unavailable for active service,
recuperating in the Health Executive Hospital, Alpolis.
HOMEWORLD
Earth
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
(Homeworld Earth)
END OF FILE

70
You roll away to the side, but Yelov is too accurate. A streak of I
ruby light lances into the side of your abdomen, burning a neat
hole straight through your body, but cauterising the wound as it I
does so. You gasp in agony. Lose 16 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, Yelov laughs mockingly as he aims again. Just then a shape
materialises between you and Yelov. You recognise Yelov's
stolen Model A3 Time Machine. The Symbiont!' he cries, 'It is
time to leave, but perhaps, Falcon, you will never make it back to
your Time Machine before the Ark leaves this timehole!' With
that he begins firing indiscriminately, forcing you to keep your
head down whilst he is drawn up into the Model A3. Soon it
dematerialises, phasing out into null-space. You stagger to your
feet, fighting back the pain of your wound. Yelov has escaped
again, indeed he almost killed you. Add another X to your list. If
you have eleven Xs turn to 190. Otherwise, turn to 26.
71

FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Spapseeps, Blute Torris (Agent Chameleon)
POSITION: Agent, Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES: Illusion Master
BORN:
Phalang
LIVES:
TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth

PERSONALITY
Agent Chameleon is a dependable and resourceful member of
the TIME Police. In complete control of his changing outward
appearance and able to dissemble with a skill surpassing that of
any other species, he remains totally inscrutable. Nothing is
known about his motivations but he professes absolute loyalty
TIME and his actions support this. He is in occasional
communication with his home world Phalang and Time Lord
Pilota has suggested that armed with the knowledge Chameleon has gained, the Illusion Masters might, if they chose,
overrun the Space Federation. It is thought that Chameleon
does not know of Lord Pilota's scepticism, although he is
telepathic and may have caught an unguarded thought.
HOMEWORLD
Phalang. Nothing whatsoever is known of this planet, its colour
and size appear different whenever an Earther pilot flies by. The
Illusion Masters can force a visitor to see only what they choose.
They are telepaths but it is thought they have no other mental
powers, other than that of illusion and shape changing.
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
Phalang's only contact with the rest of space is through
Chameleon who was given his place as an agent of TIME due to
his ability to change his form to that of any being of a similar or
even larger size at will, his Psychic Awareness and history of
honourable behaviour.
APPEARANCE
Chameleon has always maintained that seeing him in his true
shape would turn a human insane. He appears to his fellow
agents as an athletic, smooth-headed man with a costume, or
skin, of deep sea green decorated with blue circles.
END OF FILE

72
You instruct CAIN to set co-ordinates for the timehole on Earth
in 1881 AD, murderous thoughts running through your mind
as you regard the Bounty Hunter. He stares ahead impassively.
You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost
Endurance. Unfortunately the Autodoc in Falcon's Wing is specific
to humanoids and, if Chameleon is wounded, as an Illusion

Master he will be unable to receive any treatment. Soon you
have materialised on Earth and CAIN switches on the external
cameras saying that Falcon's Wing has been disguised as a
ramshackle, disused barn. The view shows a town about a mile
away, baking in the glare of a hot summer's day. The town
consists of many wooden buildings, some grand, others simply
dirty warehouses and stables. It looks odd to your eyes - all
around it stretches an empty expanse of parched grass, as if the
town had been dropped randomly from the skies. You are used
to vast sprawling cities. An ancient looking steam locomotive is
puffing towards the town, following along two iron rails. It is
pulling several brightly painted carriages and dull dirty cattle
wagons.

Last Hive war. He had lost the use of all his limbs, and
communications contact, but the raw strength of his mind's call
for help was his salvation. His body useless, he was loaded into a
cydroid shell and is now a living brain in a robot body. His
psychic powers and combat experience rendered him a natural
choice for the Special Agent training course at the Academy,
from which he graduated with honours. His mental adjustment
to his android condition has been relatively smooth but his
inability to enjoy certain simple pleasures has left a gap which is
filled by intense dedication to his work.

You ask CAIN for an historical update. This is the town of
Tombstone in the state of Arizona, in the United States of
America, Falcon. In a month's time the famous"Gunfight at OK
Corral" will be fought between the Earp gang and the Clanton
gang. Virgil Earp is currently the Marshal of the town and will
soon deputise his brothers Wyatt and Morgan, and Doc
Holliday. No doubt you will have seen old 20th Century
entertainment vids on the subject. I will run off some suitable
clothing for you in the Molecular Convertor, including some of
the local money, which may be of use to you. I advise against
taking any hi-tech weapons, Falcon, as the danger of them being
seen or falling into the hands of anyone in this time period is far
more likely to force changes in the future than in most timeperiods you have visited.' Turn to 353.

DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
(Homeworld Earth)

73
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Duran, Borak (Agent Leopard)
POSITION: Agent, Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES: Earther Human
BORN:
Proxima Centauri
LIVES:
TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth
PERSONALITY
Duran was discovered by a psychic talent when his own latent
psychic powers asserted themselves after his command of
Assault Troopers had been pinned down and wiped out in the

HOMEWORLD
Earth

END OF FILE

74
You twist aside and the spear rushes past you, embedding itself
in the stony ground. Cursing, Diomedes leaps nimbly from his
chariot, another spear in his hand. Nearby, Trojans and
Diomedes' men fight on. Another chariot bearing a slim-built
wiry man, older than Diomedes, approaches from the Achaean
lines. You gather from the shouts of the Achaeans that his name
is Odysseus. Diomedes is readying himself to attack you again.
Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 102
Hurl your spear at him?
Turn to 116
Turn and run?
Turn to 82
Draw and fire your blaster (if you are carrying it)
at Diomedes?
Turn to 94

75
FILE
TIME EXECUTIVE
Personnel File Library
Security Access Code: THETA
SUBJECT: Anatol, Yvlena (Agent Sparrowhawk)
POSITION: Agent, Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES: Sirian
BORN:
Sirius Secundus, 2966 AD
LIVES:
TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth

PERSONALITY
Her self-confidence and decisiveness flourished under the
tutelage of her Sirian mentor, Agidy Yelov. She is now a
resourceful and capable agent with well developed powers of
the mind. Since Yelov's disgrace, however, her confidence has
suffered and she has been seconded to support duties, which she
has fulfilled adequately. It is to be hoped that the new head of
the SAT Section, Falcon, can re-harness the abilities of this most
valuable agent so that she may be deployed to full effect. Her
affection for Yelov was well known and not based entirely on
hero-worship although he was a very charismatic and able
leader. She is reputed to have a strong mind.
HOMEWORLD
Sirius Secundus. Population 12.576 billion. Sirius Secundus is an
Earth type but cool world, rich in minerals and with a strong
economy. As the sun, Sirius, gradually wanes, the Sirians are
beginning to emigrate in increasing numbers from their dying
world.
DIPLOMATIC HISTORY
The Sirians are fiercely independent members of the Space
Federation, which they joined in order to gain the secrets of
space travel. Trade between Sirius and other worlds is now
flourishing.
END OF FILE
76
You aim and fire at one of the two massive black legs holding
you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 2-6, turn to 104
If you score 7-12, turn to 86

77
You order Cobra to track down the polybdenum from the
starport and Chameleon to accompany you to Barbarossa,
telling him to board an Earther navy ship which will dock with
the Sirian craft carrying you in orbit above the exile planet.
Cobra replies, 'Listen Section Chief, I've been hunting
CYBERNET agents for years. I know Barbarossa. If the
polybdenum is anywhere it's there. I can be of use, let me go
with you.' If you confirm your order for Cobra to start his

search from the Starport, turn to 129. If you deckle to let Cobra
come to Barbarossa with you and Chameleon, turn to 115.
78

Suddenly everything goes black before your eyes and you blink
out of existence. It was as if you had never existed. Chameleon
and Squirrel (Sosquilla) have failed to deal with whatever
situation they found at the timehole in space and the past has
been changed so that you were never born.

79
As you wait in your dark tomb you turn over in your mind all
you know about the sport of solar racing. The small vessel you
are in will be towed to the start near the red giant, of a sun,
Sirius, and set free with those of the other competitors at one
tenth of light speed. Then you will have to jockey for position
using the small amount of fissionable fuel carried in your solar
racer and fly into the middle of a huge lightsail. When you have
docked, with the enormous span of silver panels like a great
spider's web in space, you will have turned your small ship into
an immense sailing galleon, curving around terrifyingly close to
the sun and then accelerating away towards Sirius Secundus
once more, blown by the solar wind of photons or particles of
light from the sun. If you sail too close to Sirius you will risk
being enveloped in a solar flare, a tongue of burning hydrogen
flung up from the surface of the sun thousands of miles into
space which would reduce you to atoms. If you sail too faraway
from the sun, it will take too long to make the orbit, the racer's
neutron shields will overload and you will suffer a painful
radiation death. If you fail to dock with a lightsail you will hurtle
or to die in deep space for the racer does not carry enough
fissionable fuel for a return to Sirius Secundus. Turn to 87.
80

You type in the most direct route to the M43 Cluster.
immediately the computer flashes up a message on the screen:
COURSE REJECTED
ARK FUEL INSUFFICIENT
Unable to maintain Ark
systems after 750 years
Add another X to the list. If you have now noted eleven Xs, turn
190. If not, return to paragraph 26 and choose again.

81
The black-suited Siriun falls to the floor and his laser pistol
skims across the glasteel towards you. Fielding it you aim at the
medtech. She looks completely surprised and scared by the
sudden violence and when you probe her mind using your
Psychic Awareness, you can tell that she is entirely innocent
Anxious to begin your search for Yelov you force her to let you
out of the sterilisation dome, swearing her to secrecy. Turn to
251.

82
Not wishing to break the first law of TIME, you turn and dash
for the rear of the Trojan line. Diomedes shouts, 'You cowardly
Trojan dog!' and you hear him grunt with effort. Make a Chance
Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 126
If you score 7-12, turn to 134

83
As you settle into your new course and Sirius glowers redly
before you one of the racers begins to cut across your bows,
then drops back towards you. Will you:
Change course closer to the red giant of a sun? Turn to 103
Hold steady as you are?
Turn to 33

84
You instruct CAIN to set co-ordinates for the timehole on Earth
in 1881 AD.
You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost
Endurance. Unfortunately the Autodoc in Falcon's Wing is specific
to humanoids and if Chameleon is wounded, as an Illusion
Master he will be unable to receive any treatment. Soon you
have materialised on Earth and CAIN switches on the external
cameras saying that Falcon's Wing has been disguised as a
ramshackle disused barn. The view shows a town about a mile
away, baking in the glare of a hot summer's day. The town
consists of many wooden buildings, some grand, others simply
dirty warehouses and stables. It looks odd to your eyes - all
around it stretches an empty expanse of parched grass, as if the
town has been dropped randomly from the skies. You are used
to vast sprawling cities. An ancient-looking steam locomotive is

puffing towards the town, following two iron rails. It is pulling
several brightly painted carriages and dull dirty cattle wagons.
You ask CAIN for an historical update. This is the town of
Tombstone in the state of Arizona, in the United States of
America, Falcon. In a month's time the famous"Gunfight at OK
Corral" will be fought between the Earp gang and the Clanton
gang. Virgil Earp is currently the Marshal of the town and will
soon deputise his brothers Wyatt and Morgan, and Doc
Holliday. No doubt you will have seen old 20th Century
entertainment vids on the subject. I will run off some suitable
clothing for you in the Molecular Convertor, including some of
the local money, which may be of use to you. I advise against
taking any hi-tech weapons, Falcon, as the danger of them being
seen or falling into the hands of anyone in this time period is far
more likely to force changes in the future than in most timeperiods you have visited.' Turn to 179.

85
If you ordered the Ardann agent, Squirrel, to Troy she is insane
- meeting the Symbiont was too much for her and Chameleon
will be your only companion. You order him to board an Earther
navy ship which will dock with the Siriun craft which is to carry
you in orbit above the exile planet. Turn to 123. If you did not
order Squirrel to Troy, she too can accompany you, turn to 139.

86
A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma takes the Thaccoid's
leg at one of the chitinous joints. There is a burning flash, but
somehow its leg withstands the plasma. However, the Thaccoid
shrieks, scuttling back and its leg twitches reflexively, releasing
its hold on you. You drop to the floor, gasping in pain as your
environment Suit begins sealing itself. Wishing you had the
same ability you turn to the Thaccoid ready to attack. Do you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn
Thinkstrike it?
Turn
Try to control it using your Power of Will?
Turn
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one?
Turn
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either

to 278
to 340
to 318
to 290
to 132
to 300

the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn to 310
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn to 328
Do not choose any options you have tried once before.

87
Like you the other competitors will have been sealed into their
racers and are now waiting in darkness. You rack your brains to
find a way out, but the airlock switch seems to have been
disconnected. You begin to reconnect the circuit, but the air is
filled with a gas which sends you to sleep. Sparrowhawk has
prepared well for your surprise trip to the sun. A loud buzzing
like a swarm of bees enters your dreams and slowly you
reawaken to find that the racer's computer is unscrambling a
lascom broadcast. With a start you strain upward against a pull
of several G which soon presses you back into the crash couch.
Outside all is in darkness, relieved only by the pin pricks of the
stars. You are being towed towards the sun. The broadcast is
being made by one of the Intelfax sports commentators.
'... for this, the climactic race in this year's four race series.
Strong favourite to win the title again is the reigning champion
from Lastlanding, Lord Pilota of the Time Executive. Her closest
rivals are Remo Benedetti, the Farther from Romopolis in the
"Scarlet Bird" and the Insectoid Clyss in the "Indigo Swarm".
Her other adversaries include Skyseeker, the Rigellian; the
veteran solar racer, Singleship Sly from Acension, and a
newcomer to the sport, Greta Erikson, until recently a pilot in
the Federation navy. The Phocian Goldwing will race in his
magnificent golden craft as usual, and the local hero, the young
Siriun, Vladislow Petrov, racing in the "Silver Dart". A surprise
second entry from Sirius Secundus has been received, number
1. The pilot's identity is a closely kept secret but he flies in a black
craft with painted flames licking backward from its nose.'
The name of your craft is inlaid in silver above your head. The
Silver Dart'. You have been imprisoned in the ship which should
have been raced by the young Siriun, Vladislow Petrov. The
commentator's voice whines on.
'... and now the freighter is about to set the racers free, the race
is about to begin ...' Turn to 99.

88
You ask your secretary for Chameleon and Blade's report. She
tells you Yellowblades is on-line and you ask Ameena to put him
through on the holovid. Yellowblade's massive form seems to
appear before you. There is a fresh scar on his shoulder.
Normally Autodoc treatment leaves no scars - it seems
Yellowblade prefers to keep his battlescars - presumably a
Rigellian form of battle honours. He looks pleased and begins to
tell you what has happened. It appears the agents materialised in
a large colony ship without hyperdrive that was filled with
colonists frozen in deep sleep to be awakened when the ship
reached its destination. Its course had been changed. As they
headed for the Control Room of the ship, they were attacked by
the Thaccoid, but they were able to kill it. 'It was a magnificent
battle. Unfortunately Chameleon was hurt early on, but I was
able to slay the beast. It was a formidable opponent,'he says, and
then continues: 'Yelov was found at the Control Room but the
Symbiont appeared in his Time Machine and they escaped.
Apparently Yelov had redirected the Colony ship towards the
recently discovered hostile alien sector of the Galaxy. The ship
would have alerted them of the Federation's presence 200 years
ago and the likely outcome would have been a devastating attack
whilst the Federation was still weak. Chameleon and I put the
ship back on course.'
How is Chameleon?' you ask.
He is recuperating in hospital - only an overnight stay. He is a
brave warrior and I was honoured to fight with him.' You
commend Blade on his prowess and, visibly, he swells with
pride. At least his morale is riding high, you think to yourself as
you break holo contact. Yelov has been thwarted, anyway,
although you failed to prevent the polybdenum raid. Turn to
296.

89
You take Chameleon up into your Time Machine, Falcon's
Wing, and deliver a quick report to Jobanque. He is extremely
pleased that you have terminated Sparrowhawk and Dark Star,
but you know that your most difficult adversary, Yelov, and the
Symbiont are on the loose somewhere in the past. At last a
report reaches you from the monitoring section to the effect
that there has been a disturbance in the timehole on Earth, 1881
AD. You decide to investigate, it can only be Yelov and his Time
Machine. Turn to 84.

90
You will have to shoot it out at the Lucky Horseshoe. Soon you
are leaving Tombstone behind you, following the dusty track
that leads to a dilapidated cluster of buildings about two miles
from Tombstone. A strong breeze starts up and tumbleweeds
begin to roll across your path. Eventually you come to a battered
wooden fence with a broken gate. Across the top, suspended
between two poles is a sign with 'Lucky Horseshoe' painted on
it. The old barns, outhouses and the ranchhouse seem to beckon
menacingly. Everything is quiet, save for the rustling breeze and
the monotonous creak, creak of the sign blowing in the wind.
The sun beats down mercilessly and you wipe the sweat from
your face and neck with the red bandana draped around your
throat. Nerves tingling and senses alert for the first sign of
danger the three of you walk into the Lucky Horseshoe,
Chameleon on your left and the Bounty Hunter on your right.
To the left stands a barn, an old hitching post outside it. An
empty water trough, filled with dust now, lies ten feet ahead of
you. On the right is a log cabin and beyond that a stable.
Opposite the stable is a row of dilapidated sheds. At the far end,
directly ahead of you, is a fine mansion-like house, but now its
timbers are rotten, its windows smashed, its doors hanging off
their hinges. Suddenly Yelov, his face plate gleaming in the sun,
steps out with the Symbiont from behind the stable about fifty
feet ahead of you. The three of you tense expectantly but no
move is made. Yelov is dressed in smart black trousers, tailed
jacket and black hat with a white frilled shirt, like a 19th century
riverboat gambler. His coat is pushed back over the butt of his
pistol that hangs at his hip. His hand hovers near it. You can
make out the bulge of another weapon on his other hip. The
Symbiont is dressed in buckskin trousers and a checked shirt,
looking like a hunchbacked cowboy. He holds a Winchester rifle
in his hands and has a Navy Colt .44 at his hip. Turn to 114.

91
The medtech is completely startled by the appearance of the
black-suited figure and you easily control her mind, but this will
not help you as a ruby ray connects the tip of the laser pistol to
your naked chest, searing through your heart in an instant. You
have been betrayed. As you fall dying to the floor, Agent
Sparrowhawk strolls into the room, smiling sardonically. She
has found Yelov and you will never know what mischief they
will make together.

92
You type in the course. The computer flashes up a message after
a second or two:
COURSE REJECTED
ARK FUEL INSUFFICIENT
Slingshot acceleration insufficient
Unable to maintain Ark
systems after 600 years
Add another X to the list. If you have now noted eleven Xs, turn
to 190. If not, return to paragraph 26 and choose again.

93
Desperately you turn towards the sun to avoid the deathdealing laser. Yelov must have had it fitted, for it can only be he
who is cutting your sails to ribbons. Great sections of silver
mesh shear away from the Silver Dart and plunge towards the
sun. Yelov is still too far away to be affected by the powers of
your mind and as he turns away towards space you realise you
haven't enough fuel left to escape from the giant sun's gravity.
The hull begins to shudder, your skin blisters, the heat shields
overload and you are vapourised.

94
Knowing that you are breaking the First Law of TIME by
displaying the power of your blaster, you aim and fire at
Diomedes. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 142
If you score 7-12, turn to 154

95
Your course takes you very close to the sun, its rolling surface is
like a great field of flame stretching as far as the eye can see. The
neat shields glow white hot as they struggle to damp out the
effects of the sun's rays. You are closer to the sun than anyone
else and you will take the lead in the race soon if you continue as
you are. The deep radar shows that two of the blips have turned
closer to the flaming sea of Sirius to give chase. Will you:
Hold on your present course?
Turn to 227
Move out to 12,000 miles above the surface of
Sirius?
Turn to 237

96
The bolt of plasma crashes past the Thaccoid's black and hairy
leg, exploding into the bulkhead beyond. You have missed and
there is no time left for you. You utter a shriek of horror as it
draws you to its mouth and begins to feed off you, taking your
arm and shoulder in the first bite. Mercifully death is not long in
coming.

97
Your aim is true, but at this range you must still call it a lucky
shot which rips into the lightsail of Yelov's solar racer, slicing a
chunk out of it and sending him careering off course. You dodge
back into the airlock and then wrestle with the Silver Dart's
controls once more. She is damaged but you can still carry on.
Yelov's racer careers out towards deep space and just when you
are wondering if his solar racer is to become his tomb, a fast
moving blip appears on the deep radar display and docks with his
racer. He has been saved but you can't tell who has picked him
up. You are forced to continue the race or die so you move back
on course. Soon you have completed your orbit and sight the
pale green planet Sirius Secundus and accelerate away from the
sun on the wings of the solar wind. You are in radio contact once
again and can hear the Intelfax commentator's report on the
race. Singleship Sly has crashed into the sun and the
commentator assumes that the pilot of Yelov's craft is dead too.
You finish in sixth place, ahead of Greta Erikson, but Pilota has
won again. The freighter arrives to tow you in. Turn to 3.

98
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2-4, turn to 110
If you score 5-12, turn to 122

99
There is a slight jolt as the drag line is pulled away from the
Silver Dart. The race has begun. You are hurtling towards the
great red sun at a tenth of the speed of light and you haven't
enough fuel to 'turnover'. That is to stop the ship and return the
way you have come. You will have to try to dock with one of the
lightsails. You consult the deep radar display which shows the
other eight racers clustered around you and only eight huge
lightsails, each two miles across, a mere thousand miles ahead.

Beyond these are four more to be used by anyone failing to dock
with one of the nearer lightsails, but anyone forced to do this
will lose time. Turn to 109.

100
Returning to your office you find that the Weptech unit of the
Research Section has sent some sample items for you to look
over with a view to issuing them as standard equipment for
Special Agents. There are three CSX Nerve Gas Grenades, two
mini-lasers (strapped to the wrist, fired by a flick of the wrist,
with three charges each), one Harpoon/Grapple Backpack
enabling the wearer to launch a harpoon/grapple with
explosive force, enough to embed the titanium harpoon into
steel, very useful for climbing and can be used as a weapon) and
four hunter/seekers (thin missile-like devices that can be tuned
to a target and released and over short distances they home in
unerringly. They are fitted with four knock-out drug applicators, supposedly effective against different kinds of animal Insectoid, Humanoid, Marine and Reptilian). As you are
considering these items your holovid bleeps signifying an
incoming message. The figure of Po-Ling, head of the
Monitoring Section, seems to fill the room, his smart black suit
contrasting sharply with the bright clean whiteness of your
office. His round, thickly moustachioed face breaks into a smile.
Hello and Good Morning, Section Chief Falcon, how are things
going? Settled in I hope.'
This is not merely a social call I presume, Po-Ling, hurry it up,'
you reply.
Oh, yes, of course, ah yes. We have discovered some
disturbances in the timelines Chief, occurring almost simultaneously. These are at the timehole on Earth 1194 BC apparently where the ancient city of Troy is supposed to lie, and
a timehole in space itself, 2665 AD, although I can't imagine
what would be happening there.
We have also received a message from Interstellpol. Apparently
they have a deep-cover agent in the Cybernet organisation.
Dark Star and a team of Cybernet agents are planning to raid
the polybdenum warehouse stores at the space port in Alpolis.
Their ally, Yelov, probably requires more polybdenum for his
stolen Time Machine. Well that's it, Falcon. Good luck.'And his

image fades. AH three situations will have to be investigated as
you will have to investigate one of them yourself. Will you:
Go to Troy?
Turn to 10
Go to the timehole in space?
Turn to 202
101

You reach forward and take the pilot's laser pistol, then slip it
inside your uniform. Note that you have a Siriun Enforcer's
laser pistol on your agent profile. As you reach for his
percussion rifle, you sense a mental presence behind you. You
spin round but an anaesthetic needle buries itself in your arm
and you seem to see a familiar cat-like face, a woman's,
swimming before you as you sink into sleep. When you awake
you are alone in the car except for the brain of Agent Leopard
All of your weapons apart from the laser pistol have been taken.
There is a loud report behind you. Turn to 5.

102
You summon up the power of your mind and hurl a blast of
mental energy at Diomedes. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 168
If you score 7-12, turn to 176

103
As the Silver Dart settles onto its course 5,000 miles above the
sea of flame that is the surface of Sirius, your deep radar display
shows that most of the other competitors are on orbits which
take them between 10,000 and 15,000 miles above the surface of
the sun so you decide to move out to the same altitude. You are
lucky as a sudden solar flare, a great geyser of flame, erupts
10,000 miles into space just behind you. You begin to overhaul
the leaders, flying quite close to one of those disputing the lead
and you catch sight of the blue and white hull of Lord Pilota's
craft. Will you:
Dive inside her and by flying closer to the sun
take the lead?
Turn to 227
Continue on your course?
Turn to 249
104

The bolt of plasma streaks past the leg that grips you, missing it
by inches and goes on to explode into the steel wall of the
bulkhead behind the Thaccoid. It clicks in triumph and hauls you

closer to its mouth. You have one chance left to hit one of the
as before you are devoured. Make another Attack Roll.
If you score 2-7, turn to 96
If you score 8-12, turn to 86

105

Realising, as the black and yellow racer approaches, that its laser
will soon cut your flimsy sail to shreds you decide to fight back.
Quickly you struggle into the young Siriun's space suit. He
must be tall and thin because it doesn't fit too well, but it will do.
Taking the laser pistol, you manage to open the minute airlock
and, hanging on tightly, peer round the outside of the Silver
Dart and take aim. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 97
If you score 2-4, turn to 35

106
You head for the opening leading out of the storage hold. You
pass a Maintenance Droid standing inactive, waiting for the
order from the ship's computer to repair any damage. It may
have been waiting there silently, patiently for decades. Leaving
the storage area you come to a wide corridor stretching ahead of
you. It is lit by a dim green glow, coming from the walls. In fact,
the walls consist of hundreds of tanks stacked in neat rows, each
labelled with a name, function, rank and so on. These are the
colonists of the Ark, lying in cryogenic suspended animation,
waiting in dreamless limbo for the day when they will be reawakened to begin new lives on a planet far from troubled
Earth. A soft thrumming hum fills your ears. You continue on,
the sound growing louder, until you notice the floor is different.
It consists of large iron grilles placed together to form a
walkway. Looking through the grille you can see a mass of
complicated machinery far below, presumably C Deck, the
Engineering Deck. It is from here that the sound emanates, the
engines, life support system and so on are housed there. You
press on, your footfalls echoing loudly around the eerie green
emptiness of the Ark. You come to a four-way intersection.
Some way up ahead you can see the corridor ends in a simple
steel door, unmarked. Will you:
Carry straight on towards the door?
Turn left?
Turn right?

Turn to 224
Turn to 212
Turn to 236

107
You order Blade and Chameleon to board an Earther navy ship
which will dock with the Siriun craft which is to carry you in
orbit above the exile planet. You will make a three-strong team
turn to 147.

108
You will have to shoot it out at the Lucky Horseshoe. Soon you
are leaving Tombstone behind you, following the dusty track
that leads to a dilapidated cluster of buildings about two miles
from Tombstone. A strong breeze starts up and tumbleweeds
begin to roll across your path. Eventually you come to a battered
wooden fence with a broken gate. Across the top, suspended
between two poles is a sign with 'Lucky Horseshoe' painted on
it. The old barns, outhouses and the ranchhouse seem to beckon
menacingly. Everything is quiet, save for the rustling breeze and
the monotonous creak, creak of the sign blowing in the wind.
The sun beats down mercilessly and you wipe the sweat from
your face and neck with the red bandana draped around your
throat. Nerves tingling and senses alert for the first sign of
danger the two of you walk into the Lucky Horseshoe, with
Chameleon on your left. To the right is a log cabin and beyond
that a stable. An empty water trough, filled with dust now, lies
ten feet ahead of you. To the left stands a barn, an old hitching
post outside it. Opposite the stable is a row of dilapidated sheds.
At the far end, directly ahead of you, is a fine mansion-like
house, but now its timbers are rotten, its windows smashed, its
doors hanging off their hinges. Suddenly Yelov, his face plate
gleaming in the sun, steps out with the Symbiont from behind
the stable about fifty feet ahead of you. The two of you tense
expectantly but no move is made. Yelov is dressed in smart black
trousers, tailed jacket and black hat with a white frilled shirt, like
a 19th century riverboat gambler. His coat is pushed back over
the butt of his pistol that hangs at his hip. His hand hovers near
it. You can make out the bulge of another weapon on his other
hip. The Symbiont is dressed in buckskin trousers and a checked
shirt, looking like a hunchbacked cowboy. He holds a
Winchester rifle in his hands and a Navy Colt .44 at his hip. Turn
to 120.

109
The other racers are too far away for you to see them with the
naked eye. You have only a few seconds to manoeuvre towards
one of the lightsails, using the ship's rockets and you will be

competing with the skilful pilots of the other ships. Will you try
to dock with the lightsail at:
A?
B?
C?

Turn to 119
Turn to 127
Turn to 135

magnificent figure of mercurial power. Next to him sits a slim
and unimposing figure at once reminiscent of a squirrel, but
humanoid. Her paw-like hands are clasped together under her
chin. The gigantic Rigellian turns to her and wishes her good
fortune. Sosquilla replies by bobbing her head and saying that
she hopes Yellowblades will become the new Special Agent. It is
noon, and the Bounty Hunter has not yet arrived. Who will you
call for interview first:
Sosquilla the Ardann?
Yellowblades the Rigellian?

Turn to 121
Turn to 133

112
[Score an X]
A bolt of white-hot plasma crashes into it, shadows flicker and
flare as the Engineering Deck is lit by the flash. The Thaccoid
shrieks ear-splittingly and shudders but then it brings its
bloated body sac around, impossibly contorted, and produces
from its end a thin stream of web-like thread, which hurtles
towards you. Desperately you try to dive aside. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 148
If you score 7-12, turn to 136

113
110
Suddenly everything goes black before your eyes and you blink
out of existence. It was as if you had never existed. Chameleon
and Cobra (the Bounty Hunter) have failed to deal with
whatever situation they found at the timehole in space and the
past has been changed so that you were never born.

111
You relax and compose yourself, mulling over the task of
terminating Yelov, then the face of Ameena, your secretary, fills
the holoscreen: 'Welcome back, sir, are you well?' You return
the greeting and are told that the first two candidates have
arrived. You switch to the holovid camera in the foyer outside
your office and the strong contrast between the two figures
sitting there strikes you immediately. They are side by side but
one is four times as large as the other. It is the blue-skinned
Rigellian, Yellowblades, undisputed champion of the arena, a

When you arrive back at the Siriun space craft. Cobra is waiting
for you. 'I got him,' he says proudly. 'Tane Gamil - he's dead. I
stopped him warning anyone about us. How did you fare?' Will
you:
Tell Cobra that he will never work for you
again and maroon him on Barbarossa?
Continue your mission with him?

Turn to 89
Read on

You take Chameleon and Cobra up into your Time Machine,
Falcon's Wing, and deliver a quick report to Jobanque. He is
extremely pleased that you have terminated Sparrowhawk and
Dark Star, but you know that your most difficult adversary,
Yelov, and the Symbiont are on the loose somewhere in the
past. At last a report reaches you from the monitoring section to
the effect that there has been a disturbance in the timehole on
Earth, 1881 AD. You decide to investigate, it can only be Yelov
and his Time Machine. Turn to 72.

118

114
The Symbiont titters madly, drawing a black look from Yelov.
'So you have come, and you've brought your lackeys with you.
Do not think they will save you from my vengeance, Falcon, you
Arcturan slime-worm.'

You type in the course co-ordinates, A few seconds pass and
then the computer flashes up a message on the screen:

'I'm going to move to the right,' whispers the Bounty Hunter.
Chameleon sends you a telepathic message telling you he
intends to go for the Symbiont. Will you:

DESTINATION: M43 star cluster
ETA: 500 years

Stay where you are and go for a straight draw
with Yelov?
Turn to 144
Dive to cover behind the old water trough, firing
your Winchester on the run at Yelov?
Turn to 162
Thinkstrike Yelov and then go for your
Peacemaker?
Turn to 128

115
You order Cobra and Chameleon to board an Earther navy ship
which will dock with the Siriun craft which is to carry you in
orbit above the exile planet. You will make a three-strong team,
turn to 157.

116
You draw your arm back and throw, sending the spear arcing
through the air towards him, However, you are not well versed
in the use of the spear. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-8, turn to 240
If you score 9-12, turn to 252

117
As soon as you direct your thoughts at one of the Clyss, his
feathery antennae and those of his four companions begin to
vibrate slightly. A sonic wave almost knocks you unconscious.
They are somehow disrupting your thought patterns in a way
that is so horrible, it leaves you weak and trembling and your
heart starts to miss beats. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, you decide to try the mind of a different alien. Will it be:
A native Barbarossi?
One of the ant-like Hiver beings?

Turn to 309
Turn to 275

COURSE CHANGE INITIATED

Sending the ship around a sun will enable it to utilise the sun's
gravity to increase the speed of the ship in a 'Slingshot' effect.
Sending it through two suns causes a 'double slingshot', enough
power to accelerate the ship to the required speed without using
up any more fuel. You have saved the Ark and probably the
Federation. Breathing a sigh of relief, you race back to the
storage hold and to Falcon's Wing. Quickly you instruct CAIN
to set course for the Eiger Vault in 3034 AD, before the Ark
takes you out of the timehole. Falcon's Wing fades into the grey
nothingness of null-space. You are on your way home. During
the journey you may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points
of lost Endurance. Turn to 130.

119
You gun the Silver Dart forward towards the nearest lightsail
and looking left and below you see another ship converging on
the same lightsail at the same speed. It is the blue and white
racer of the reigning champion, Lord Pilota of the TIME
Executive. As you catch up the floating lightsail you are
momentarily enraptured by its fragile magnificence, a great
arcing span of silver, looking as if it must buckle and fall apart at
any moment. Pilota's craft edges closer to your own. You will
have to slow down if you are to avoid damaging the lightsail
when you dock with it, but if Pilota brakes later she will arrive at
the lightsail first. Will you:
Brake gently and allow her to take the sail,
turning instead to one of the lightsails in the
second line?
Turn to 143
Hold on as long as you can and then brake when
you feel it is still safe?
Turn to 151
Try to outbrake Pilota and risk a collision with
the lightsail?
Turn to 159

120
The Symbiont titters madly, drawing a black look from Yelov.
'So you have come, and you've brought your lackey with you.
Do not think he will save you from my vengeance, Falcon, you
Arcturan slime-worm.'
Chameleon sends you a telepathic message telling you he
intends to go for the Symbiont. Will you:
Stay where you are and go for a straight draw
with Yelov?
Turn to 146
Dive to cover behind the old water trough,
firing your Winchester on the run?
Turn to 156
Thinkstrike Yelov and then go for your Colt
Peacemaker?
Turn to 192

121
The Bounty Hunter enters the foyer at one minute past noon,
as you are ushering Sosquilla to a seat. Yellowblades greets him
jovially but the taciturn man's reply is curt, if polite, as he sits
opposite the Rigellian and eyes him darkly. You switch off the
holovid and greet the Ardann, conscious that the outcome of
this interview will probably have far-reaching influences on the
diplomatic ties with the Sylvan Ardann. Turn to 211.

122
A report is flashed up on your holoscreen. It appears the agents
materialised in a large colony ship without hyperdrive that was
filled with colonists frozen in deep sleep to be awakened when
the ship reached its destination. Its course had been changed. As
they headed for the Control Room of the ship, they were
attacked by the Thaccoid, but they were able to kill it, mainly
through the expertise of Cobra. Yelov was found at the Control
Room but the Symbiont appeared in his Time Machine and they
escaped. Apparently Yelov had redirected the Colony ship
towards the recently discovered hostile alien sector of the
Galaxy. The ship would have alerted them of the Federation's
presence 200 years ago, the likely outcome would have been a
devastating attack whilst the Federation was still weak. Chameleon and Cobra put the ship back on course. Both Chameleon
and Cobra are currently recuperating in hospital, the battle with
the Thaccoid was close. You notice a final addition to the report,
a request from Cobra: 'I think the Federation owes me head
money for fulfilling the termination order of the Thaccoid. It

will, of course, be shared with Chameleon. I'm officially putting
my claim in.' You shake your head. Typical of the Bounty
Hunter, you think. Yelov has been thwarted, anyway, although
you failed to prevent the polybdenum raid. Turn to 296.

123
When the two ships have docked above the orange, gaswreathed planet Barbarossa, Agent Chameleon, looking like a
handsome Earther in a green costume with blue circles, meets
you on the bridge. You confer together and come up with a plan.
Chameleon will change his appearance to look like a member of
the criminal underworld of Barbarossa and together you can
penetrate a public gathering place to search for information as
to where, near the starport, Yelov's Time Machine is hidden.
You decide to make disabling the machine your top priority.
The area surrounding the starport is called Smugglers Port and
it contains many warehouses in which a Time Machine could be
easily hidden. Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing has been
freighted to Barbarossa under Chameleon's directive and will be
kept on the Siriun ship under armed guard. Sparrowhawk and
Yelov arrived on Barbarossa some hours earlier but the TIME
beacon has not registered any disturbance of the time flux so
Yelov's machine is still nearby. Turn to 215.

124
[Score an X]
You lean in to the hole and fire at the web-like thread up which
the Thaccoid is crawling. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 172
If you score 7-12, turn to 160

125
Your fire slices through Sparrowhawk's legs as she spins to fire
at you and she falls lifeless to the floor. Dark Star knocks Blade
onto his back but Chameleon finishes the job which Blade
started and Dark Star breathes no more. You look past the scene
of carnage to the Time Machine. Yelov and the Symbiont are
being drawn up inside it together. You open fire but it is too late.
Seconds later the machine dematerialises. Once more Agidy
Yelov has slipped through your grasp. He has jumped to a

different timehole. There is nothing you can do but dash back to
Falcon's Wing and chase him across time and space. Blade is too
badly wounded to accompany you - you will have to leave him
behind. You lose no time and within minutes arrive safely back
at the Spaceport where Falcon's Wing awaits. Turn to 89.

126
Suddenly, something slams into your back, hurling you
headlong to the ground. 'A fine throw, Diomedes!' you hear a
voice shout. You can feel your back hot and sticky with blood.
Diomedes has hit you with a spear. Lose 12 Endurance points. If you
are still alive, a Trojan helps you up, taking the spear from your
back. 'You are lucky to live. His spear has only just penetrated
your armour - you are one of the few to survive Diomedes' full
attention.' Then he turns, pointing and shouts,' Look, help is at
hand.' Turn to 414.

127
You line up on one of the lightsails at the end of the first line.
Glittering silver mesh fills your vision as you hurtle towards the
central hub of the sail. Two other racer's come into sight, one to
your right-hand side and another below and slightly behind you.
The latter ship, which boasts green and turquoise markings,
turns away towards a sail that is not too hotly contested. The
ship to your right is bright scarlet and shaped like a bullet, the
craft belonging to Remo Benedetti of Romopolis. It comes ever
closer as you converge on the hub of sail together. You are
momentarily enraptured by the sail's fragile magnificence, a
great arcing span of silver looking as if it must fall apart at any
moment. You will have to slow down if you are not to damage
the lightsail when you dock with it, but if Remo brakes later
than you he will arrive at the sail first and claim it for his own.
Will you:
Brake gently and allow him to take the sail,
turning instead to one of the lightsails in the
second line?
Turn to 213
Hold on as long as you can and then brake when
it is still safe?
Turn to 223
Try to outbrake Remo and risk a collision with
the lightsail?
Turn to 233

128
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of mental energy at
Yelov.
If you score 2-7, turn to 248
If you score 8-12, turn to 262

129
When the two ships have docked above the orange, gaswreathed planet Barbarossa, Agent Chameleon, looking like a
handsome Earther in a green costume with blue circles, meets
you on the bridge. You confer together and come up with a plan.
Chameleon will change his appearance to look like a member of
the criminal underworld of Barbarossa and together you can
penetrate a public gathering place to search for information as
to where, near the starport, Yelov's Time Machine is hidden.
You decide to make disabling the machine your top priority.
The area surrounding the starport is called Smugglers Port and
so it contains many warehouses in which a Time Machine could
be easily hidden. Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, has
been freighted to Barbarossa under Chameleon's directive and
will be kept on the Siriun ship under armed guard. Sparrowhawk and Yelov arrived on Barbarossa some hours earlier but
the TIME beacon has not registered any disturbance of the time
flux so Yelov's machine is still nearby. Turn to 215.

130
Falcon's Wing rematerialises in its bay at the Eiger Vault. You
step out and catch the hovrail to the centre of Alpolis and your
office in the TIME building. Sitting in the hovrail car, the
breathtaking panorama of the sprawling mega-city is spread
below you. You are high above the city. After a half hour you
arrive at the Alpolis terminus. From here you will have to take a
lift to one of the lower levels and take a city hovrail car to the
TIME building. Much to your disgust you find that the lift has
just broken down. You will have to take the stairs. Turn to 138.

131
As you watch, the huge silver sail of the black racer begins to
rotate. Its pilot, whoever it is in there, has given up the race.
Instead, the black craft with red flames is heading straight for
you. Suddenly a red beam unites it with the Silver Dart, the
beam of a military laser. It has done little damage as yet at this

range but the two ships are closing fast. If you have a Siriun
Enforcer's laser pistol, turn to 105. Otherwise, turn to 93.

132
Your mind reaches out in attempt to control the Thaccoid but all
that you find is a single consuming thought - to kill and eat you.
You find nothing to control although you do find some form of
reasoning mind but its prime motive seems to be to eat and
survive, no other considerations enter into its thought
processes. It seems to understand what is happening however,
for it conjures up images of yourself being devoured alive,
screaming and kicking, by it. You draw back, horrified. Suddenly
the Thaccoid whips up the two longest of its legs and, to your
horror, you notice a silvery web stretched between them like a
net. With a swift stabbing motion it whips its legs forward
trying to trap you in the net-like web. Make an Evasion Roll as
you try to dodge its attack.
If you score 2-6, turn to 276
If you score 7-12, turn to 264

133
At one minute past noon, you see the Bounty Hunter arriving in
the foyer as Yellowblades enters your office. Sosquilla greets
him nervously and you do not quite catch his brusque reply. He
gazes darkly into space as you switch off the holovid and greet
the Rigellian thinking as you do so that it would probably be
good for your career; it would certainly make you popular with
Lord Silvermane, if you gave the blue-skinned warrior a place
on your squad. Turn to 141.

134
Diomedes' spear hurtles past you to skitter along the rough
ground ahead of you. Turning your head, you see him curse and
shake his fist at you before some Trojan Warriors cut him off
from view. Turn to 414.

135
The Silver Dart changes course towards the second line of sails
and the deep radar display shows that all of the other racers,
with the exception of one, are moving to dock with lightsails in
the first row and they turn towards the sun, now bearing a twomile span of silver mesh with them, like spacefaring Portuguese
Men O'War. The craft near you is in visual range; it is a snub-

nosed green ship, that of Greta Erikson, the navy pilot. You
stake your claim to one of the glittering spans of wire mesh and
the green racer chooses a different one. You turn on the retros
to brake the ship and dock neatly with the sail, then turn
towards the great red orb of the sun. Turn to 299.

136
[Score an X]
You throw yourself back and the thread rushes past you to hit
the ceiling of the corridor where it sticks with a slap. You pick
yourself up as the Thaccoid crawls out of the hole, its jointed
legs moving with remarkable speed for something of such bulk.
you prepare to attack again as its roving eyes orientate on you
and it spins around to face you on its eight legs. Will you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn
Thinkstrike
it?
Turn
Try to control it using your Power of Will?
Turn
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one?
Turn
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either
the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn

to 278
to
to
to
to

318
290
132
300

to 310
to 328

Do not choose an option you have chosen once before.

137
As the Ardann leaves, you switch on the holovid once more. The
Rigellian and the Bounty Hunter are exchanging notes on the
combat simulator. The Bounty Hunter is obviously an expert,
and Yellowblades is listening to what he has to say with interest.
He springs up when summoned and you wave him to a chair in
front of you. Turn to 141.

138
You descend the stairway. It is dirty and unused. Soon you
arrive at a stairwell, surrounded by a chest-high wall that is
open to the air. The view is dramatic, all around you tower the
many buildings of Alpolis. To your left a thin Maintenance
Droid walkway arcs through the air to the hovambulance
landing tower on one of the city's hospitals - its highest peak. To
the right stretches a hovcar landing park. Beyond it lies a hovrail

terminal from which a monorail curves slowly down to the
lower levels, supported by huge stanchions that disappear into
the bustling city below. A hundred feet above your head a
hovrail car hums past, following another monorail that spans
the whole length of Alpolis. Straight ahead of you, about fifty
feet up, is the highest flyover in Alpolis, Highway 1232. Ground
cars race along it and pedestrians, mostly sightseers, amble
along its edges. It is supported by massive pillars, ringed all the
way down by many floors, bearing restaurants, shops, offices
and so on. Some are open to the sky, others are encased in glass,
glittering brightly in the sun. From the nearest stanchion one of
the city's communication towers rises up above Highway 1232.
Looking down you can see hovcars floating through the air, the
whole scene criss-crossed with monorails and highways,
descending in many levels to the bottom of the city, where the
low-lifers live. It is a beautiful sight. But this is, of course, the
wealthy end of the city, elsewhere it is not so pretty or so clean
and well developed.
Suddenly there is a flash of ruby light and a laser shot drills into
the concrete by your foot with a flash of incandescent heat. You
are shocked out of your reverie in an instant. Someone is trying
to kill you, no doubt a CYBERNET assassin sent by Yelov. Will
you:
Duck down and stay where you are, so you can
find out where your would-be assassin is? Turn to 150
Run down the stairs?
Turn to 158
Leap over the wall and try to find cover behind
one of the hovcars in the hovcar park?
Turn to 166
Climb onto the Maintenance Droid walkway
and duck down behind the stairwell wall? Turn to 178

139
When the two ships have docked above the orange, gaswreathed planet Barbarossa, Agents Chameleon and Squirrel
meet you on the bridge. Chameleon is in the form of a
handsome Earther in a green costume with blue circles, Squirrel
looks as pretty as ever in a trim grey jacket and stretch pant;
You confer together and come up with a plan. Chameleon will
change his appearance to look like a member of the criminal
underworld of Barbarossa, Squirrel will not look out of place in
Barbarossa which is a real melting pot of races and types
Together you can penetrate a public gathering place to search

for information as to where, near the starport, Yelov's Time
Machine is hidden. You decide to make disabling the machine
your top priority.
The area surrounding the starport is called Smugglers Port and
it contains many warehouses in which a Time Machine could be
easily hidden. Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, has been
freighted to Barbarossa under Chameleon's directive and will be
kept on the Siriun ship under armed guard. Sparrowhawk and
Yelov arrived on Barbarossa some hours earlier but the TIME
beacon has not registered any disturbance of the time flux so
Yelov's machine is still nearby. Turn to 163.

140
A report on the polybdenum raid is flashed up on the screen for
you. It seems that Dark Star and her pet led a team of
CYBERNET agents on a raid about an hour ago. Dark Star used
her teleportation powers to break into the warehouse, despite
extensive security. About twenty CYBERNET agents, extensively equipped and well trained, an elite squad, raced into
the warehouse. The Enforcer squad were overwhelmed and a
battle ensued between the Dark Star and agents Sparrowhawk
and Leopard. Leopard began to get the upper hand, stunning her
pet, but the Dark Star teleported behind Leopard and blew his
leg away. Leopard is currently undergoing repairs and will be
operational again very soon, once his new bionic leg has been
fitted. Sparrowhawk reports that she launched a powerful
mental attack, but was repulsed by strong psychic defences.
Interestingly, Leopard has left an unofficial message for you in
which he says he felt Sparrowhawk did not try hard enough
with the Dark Star. However, the official Enforcer report states
she was responsible for getting several of their men out of the
warehouse alive, and that she caused many casualties among
the CYBERNET team. However, the survivors escaped with 24
rods of polybdenum. Note down that the polybdenum raid was
successful. If you sent:
Agent Chameleon and Agent Squirrel (Sosquilla)
to 1194 BC
Turn to 164
Agent Chameleon and Agent Blade
(Yellowblades) to 1194 BC
Turn to 174
Agent Chameleon and Agent Cobra (the
Bounty Hunter) to 1194 BC
Turn to 184

141
Yellowblades waits, composed and still, for you to begin the
interview. You decide to begin affably and then become more
tough as the interview progresses. To begin with you apologise
for not greeting him immediately and he smiles noncommittally. You briefly go over his fine performance at the
Academy, praising his combat skills and he begins to relax. Will
you:
Ask him why he feels that he is the best
candidate to become a Special Agent of
TIME?
Ask him what he feels the duties of a Special
Agent involve?

Turn to 149
Turn to 155

142
A bolt of superheated plasma leaps towards him, but your aim is
off and it crashes into a nearby Achaean, tearing his shield apart
and hurling him into the air. He slams to the ground, quite dead.
At this there is a furore from all around you. Cries of The gods'
go up, and Odysseus says, 'The gods are against us, Diomedes,
we can do nothing against them.' Already the Achaean warriors
are falling back in fear and the Trojans seem revitalised as they
cry, The gods are with us!'
Incredibly, Diomedes does not seem cowed, rather he shakes his
fist at you saying, 'I know not who you are, Trojan, the gods may
aid you now but you shall feel the mettle of Diomedes' spear
before this battle is over!' With that he jumps into his chariot
and follows the fleeing Achaeans. As he rides away, a figure
steps out from behind a tall stone pillar. He wears rich and
ornate armour and holds a bow and arrow. He aims and fires the
arrow and it arcs through the air into Diomedes' chariot, hitting
his foot. He turns, in pain and surprise. The archer laughs, but
Diomedes shouts, 'Paris, you cowardly archer, if you came down
here to face me, you would find your bow of little use. The blows
of a coward and a weakling such as you are the blows of a
woman. Not such are my blows.' Paris laughs again, but comes
down from the mound and runs on to another area of the battle.
In any case, Diomedes, without the support of his men, is forced
to fall back. You notice the battle is turning against the Greeks
and they are being forced slowly back to their wooden ramparts.
Turn to 404.

143
The Silver Dart describes a gentle curve towards the second line
of lightsails as Pilota's sleek racer docks safely with the sail then
turns towards the great red orb of Sirius. Turn to 417.

144
You whip out your Colt as fast as you can and all hell breaks
loose. The Bounty Hunter dives to the right, a gun suddenly in
his hand, like magic, and rolls to his feet in the doorway of the
log cabin. Chameleon drops to one knee and aims his rifle at the
Symbiont. Yelov's speed is legendary and he beats you to the
draw and fires, the sound reverberating like a thunderclap. You
feel a hammer-like impact in your leg and you are spun round.
Lose 5 Endurance points. Desperately you throw yourself to the
ground as Yelov fires again. Your mind registers the fact that
the Symbiont has not moved - Chameleon has dropped his rifle
and is writhing on the ground in agony, a victim of the Ego
Whip. Make an Evasion Roll as you try to scramble out of the
path of Yelov's bullets.
If you score 2-6, turn to 194
If you score 7-12, turn to 208

145
Your fire slices through Sparrowhawk's legs and she falls
lifeless to the floor. Chameleon's attack on Dark Star is similarly
successful and you race past the scene of carnage into the
warehouse. Sparrowhawk's dying act was to think a warning to
Yelov, her lover, and you arrive to see the other Siriun, Yelov,
and the Symbiont being drawn up inside the Time Machine
together. You open fire but it is too late. Seconds later the
machine dematerialises. Once more Agidy Yelov has slipped
through your grasp. He has jumped to a different timehole.
There is nothing you can do but dash back to Falcon's Wing and
chase him across time and space. You lose no time and within
minutes arrive safely back at the Spaceport where Falcon's Wing
awaits. If you brought Cobra to Barbarossa, turn to 113. If not,
turn to 89.

146
You whip out your Colt as fast as you can and all hell breaks
loose. Chameleon drops to one knee and aims his rifle at the
Symbiont. Yelov's speed is legendary and he beats you to the

draw and fires, the sound reverberating like a thunderclap. You
feel a hammer-like impact in your thigh and you are spun round.
Lose 5 Endurance points. Desperately you turn to face your
opponents as Yelov prepares to fire again. Your mind registers
the fact that the Symbiont has not moved - Chameleon has
dropped his rifle and is writhing on the ground in agony, a
victim of the Ego Whip. Will you:
Try and dive for cover before Yelov fires?
Fire at the Symbiont in an attempt to release
Chameleon from the Ego Whip?

Turn to 214
Turn to 220

147
When the two ships have docked above the orange, gaswreathed planet Barbarossa, Agents Chameleon and Blade
meet you on the bridge. Chameleon is in the form of a
handsome Earther in a green costume with blue circles, while
the heavy Rigellian is dressed in golden battledress. You confer
together and come up with a plan. Chameleon will change his
appearance to look like a member of the criminal underworld of
Barbarossa, Blade will not look out of place on Barbarossa which
is a real melting pot of races and types. Together you can
penetrate a public gathering place to search for information as
to where, near the starport, Yelov's Time Machine is hidden.
You decide to make disabling the machine your top priority.
The area surrounding the starport is called Smugglers Port and
it contains many warehouses in which a Time Machine could be
easily hidden. Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, has been
freighted to Barbarossa under Chameleon's directive and will be
kept on the Siriun ship under armed guard. Sparrowhawk and
Yelov arrived on Barbarossa some hours earlier but the TIME
beacon has not registered any disturbance of the time flux so
Yelov's machine is still nearby. Turn to 323.

148
You were taken by surprise and you are too slow. Before you
can act, a sticky strand of silvery thread strikes you full in the
chest. Desperately you try to pull it off but your actions only
serve to enmesh your hands and arms in the thread. You begin
to panic. Suddenly there is a massive yank and you are pulled
down through the hole and left to fall a thousand feet to the
deck below. You are smeared like jam across the engines of the
Ark.

149
The Rigellian replies in the booming voice of his species that he
cannot tell whether he is the best candidate but that he would
welcome the chance to place his skills at your disposal. He
pauses, then adds, 'It may be that you will not find a superior
combat organism living in the galaxy.'
That may well be,' you reply, 'but there is a great deal more to
life in the SAS than killing.' Will you go on to ask:
Whether Yellowblades' allegiance lies with
Rigel Prime or the Federation?
How he views the role of Special Agents as
diplomats?

Turn to 161
Turn to 169

150
You crouch low. Gingerly you peer over the wall of the
stairwell. A glitter of sunlight on steel draws your attention to a
figure in the Communications Tower over Highway 1232. He is
too far away for your plasma pistol to be effective, but you are
well in range of his las-rifle. He spots you and aims his rifle.
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 362
If you score 7-12, turn to 350

151
Ahead of you is glistening silver mesh, filling your vision. As the
two ships converge on the central hub of the lightsail you wait
to see if Pilota will concede defeat, but her ship hurtles on, ever
closer to your own. At the last second you realise that her iron
nerve isn't going to give way and you brake. Incredibly she waits
even longer before nipping in before the Silver Dart to dock
with the firmament-spanning lightsail. The Silver Dart trails in
her wake as she steers the lightsail and her ship towards the
huge red orb of the sun. It is too late to try and dock with
another of the sails in the first line so you turn away towards the
second line. Turn to 175.

152
A report flashes up on your screen. Sparrowhawk and Leopard
arrived in 1194 BC at the siege of Troy. There was much
fighting outside the city between the bronze clad, spear wielding
Achaeans and Trojans. Sparrowhawk and Leopard, dressed as

Achaean warriors, wandered the battlefield in search of the
cause of the timehole disturbance. They were attacked by the
Symbiont who used his mental Ego Whip on Leopard, reducing
him to virtual paralysis by the mental pain. Sparrowhawk
launched a Thinkstrike against the Symbiont, but there was no
apparent effect. Then inexplicably, the Symbiont left the scene,
in a Time Machine which Leopard was able to recognise as
Yelov's. It seems Yelov has trained the Symbiont to use it.
Leopard is currently staying overnight in hospital for rest. He is
a little shaken by his experience, but is very resilient and should
be fit for action tomorrow. The report ends. Who did you send
to deal with the CYBERNET raid on the polybdenum
warehouse:
Agents Chameleon and Squirrel (Sosquilla)? Turn to 206
Agents Chameleon and Blade (Yellowblades)? Turn to 226
Agents Chameleon and Cobra (The Bounty
Hunter)?
Turn to 284

153
The blast of plasma that flies from your weapon misses
Sparrowhawk and erupts against a wall, but her answering shot
is not so wild. You fold up, your stomach ripped out by her blast,
and die, moaning at her feet. Chameleon is no luckier than you
and Yelov is free to hold history to ransom.

154
A bolt of superheated plasma leaps towards him, and his shield
explodes. Diomedes is hurled into the air and he crashes to the
ground, twitching feebly. The battle ceases in the immediate
area for a moment and pandemonium breaks out. Cries of The
gods, the gods are against us,'and 'Diomedes is slain!' go up from
his men and they begin to flee in disorder. Odysseus stays to
help Diomedes' charioteer, as they lift the body of Diomedes,
who still lives, into the chariot. Odysseus bravely fends off the
revitalised attacks of the Trojans, but takes a spear thrust in his
side. However, they manage to escape in their light, fast-moving
chariot. The tide of battle is turning against the Achaeans now
and they are being slowly forced back to their wooden ramparts.
A large-looking warrior with a magnificent horsehair crest leads
the Trojan assault, but a last ditch defence focuses around
another large Achaean warrior who carries a great shield,
almost as large as he is, giving time for the Achaeans to fall back
on order. Turn to 404.

155
'Policing the timelines, preventing changes in history, and
behaving so as to minimise any disruption caused by being there
out of your own time.'
'Is that all?' you ask.
'Well ... no ... an agent will be called on to do an enormous
range of tasks, placing beacons ... er ...' The Rigellian has dried
up and you decide to come to his aid. Will you go on to ask:
Whether Yellowblade's allegiance lies with
Rigel Prime or the Federation?
How he views the role of Special Agents as
diplomats?

Turn to 161
Turn to 169

156
You dash for the water trough readying your Winchester to fire
from the hip and all hell breaks loose. Yelov draws his pistol and
fires at you with lightning speed, the sound of his gun echoing
around the deserted ranch like a thunderclap. But it is difficult to
hit a moving target and he misses you, dirt spurting up from the
ground at your feet where the bullet landed. Suddenly
Chameleon sinks to his knees in agony, the subject of the
Symbiont's Ego Whip. Will you fire:
Turn to 332
Turn to 320

At the Symbiont?
At Yelov?

157
When the two ships have docked above the orange, gaswreathed planet Barbarossa, Agents Chameleon and Cobra
meet you on the bridge. Chameleon is in the form of a
handsome Farther in a green costume with blue circles. You
confer together and come up with a plan. Chameleon will
change his appearance to look like a member of the criminal
underworld of Barbarossa, Cobra will not look out of place - his
slim, whip-like figure looks for all space like a CYBERNET hired
killer. Together you can penetrate a public gathering place to
search for information as to where, near the starport, Yelov's
Time Machine is hidden. You decide to make disabling the
machine your top priority.
The area surrounding the starport is called Smugglers Port and

it contains many warehouses in which a Time Machine could be
easily hidden. Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, has been
freighted to Barbarossa under Chameleon's directive and will be
kept on the Siriun ship under armed guard. Sparrowhawk and
Yelov arrived on Barbarossa some hours earlier but the TIME
beacon has not registered any disturbance of the time flux so
Yelov's machine is still nearby. Turn to 333.

158
You dart down the stairs. Rounding a corner coming up the
stairs is a man dressed in ordinary office clothes, but his face is
masked and he holds a portable laser cannon in his hands. A
power pack is strapped to his back. He looks as surprised to see
you as you are to see him. However, he points the cannon up the
stairs at you. Desperately you scramble upward trying to avoid
the worst of what you know is about to come. Make an Evasion
Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 378
If you score 7-12, turn to 388

159
Ahead of you is glittering silver mesh, filling your vision as the
two ships converge on the central hub of the lightsail and you
wait to see if Pilota will concede defeat, but her ship hurtles on,
ever closer to your own. At the last second you realise that her
iron nerve isn't going to give way. The moment for safe braking
comes and passes as you streak towards the silver hub. Make a
Chance Roll.
If you score 6, turn to 195
If you score 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5, turn to 207

160
A bolt of white lightning streaks from your pistol, shadows
flicker and flare as the Engineering Deck is lit by the flash. It
shears through the thread, like a hot knife through fungspread,
the tendrils shrivelling apart in the heat. There is a bubbling
shriek and the Thaccoid begins to fall back into the vast
emptiness below. It launches another stream of web-like thread,
but it appears to have used its web reserve already, for it doesn't
reach the floor of B Deck. A second or two later and you can
near the awful squelching splat as it hits the ground. That is one
Federation Termination Order that has been fulfilled. Collect-

ing your wits, you turn to the steel door at the end of the
Cryogenic corridor and open it. Turn to 242.

161
Your question throws the Rigellian slightly. His cheeks turn a
sickly green and he tenses - you catch yourself fearing that you
may have transgressed Rigellian customs in the most serious
way. Pulling yourself together you remember that this blueskinned race has yellow blood - Yellowblades is blushing. He
booms out, 'I am loyal to my tribe, my tribe rules Rigel Prime but
by serving TIME to the best of my abilities I am serving the
interests of all Rigellians. Are we not members of the
Federation, did we not fight together ship by ship against the
Hivers?' You nod and decide to exploit Yellowblade's discomfiture by becoming more tough. Will you:
Ask him what an oversized killing machine can
offer the TIME police?
Turn to 181
Accuse him of being a Rigellian spy and probe
his mind using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 187

162
You dart for the trough, readying your Winchester to fire from
the hip and all hell breaks loose. Yelov draws with lightning
speed and fires, the sound reverberating like a thunderclap but it
is difficult to hit a moving target and he misses you. The Bounty
Hunter dives to the right, a gun suddenly in his hand like magic,
and rolls to his feet in the doorway of the log cabin. Chameleon
drops to one knee and aims his rifle at the Symbiont. Yelov fires
again. Your mind registers the fact that the Symbiont has not
moved - Chameleon has dropped his rifle and is writhing on the
ground in agony, a victim of the Ego Whip. You squeeze the
trigger of your Winchester and it kicks violently in your hand,
going off with an explosive crash.
If you score 2-6, turn to 288
If you score 7-12, turn to 298

163
Barbarossa is an anarchy world, without Enforcers. It is a haven
for any criminal, sadist, bully or cheat who cares and dares to
make it his home. An offworlder, as they refer to new arrivals, is
always in danger, all the more so if he or she is an Enforcer.
Barbarossa is CYBERNET's stronghold from which the

tentacles of the underworld reach out to poison the galaxy.
You are smuggled out of the Starport inside a large gas cylinder
from which you emerge into the slum of Smugglers Port. The
buildings are a bizarre mixture of crude and crumbling archaic
designs and occasional modern plasteel blocks funded by
CYBERNET blood money. You are on your guard but the street
you are in, Lasgun III, is deserted. Just as Chameleon is about to
change his form into one of the stout tripedal Barbarossi, the
ground gives way beneath you and sheets of spiked metal slam
shut on your stomach and back. The spokes move to meet each
other inexorably driven by an unseen engine. Lose 3 Endurance
points. Luckily Chameleon is able to transform himself into a
Repnid and force the trap apart through sheer strength. The
horrifying form of the Repnid shimmers and ripples and
Chameleon stands before you as a handsome Earther once
more. 'Designed to catch Earther Enforcers,' he says, pointing at
the trap. You mutter your thanks and walk warily on. Turn to
349.

164
Chameleon and Squirrel arrived in 1194 BC at the siege of Troy.
There was much fighting outside the city between the bronze
clad, spear wielding Achaeans and Trojans. Chameleon and
Squirrel, dressed as Achaean warriors, wandered the battlefield
in search of the cause of the timehole disturbance. They were
attacked by the Symbiont who used his mental Ego Whip on
Chameleon reducing him to temporary paralysis from intense
mental agony. Squirrel attempted to manipulate the emotions
of the Symbiont. Unfortunately the parasitic being feels only
one thing, pleasure in feeding off mental pain. Her attempt only
served to increase the Symbiont's need to inflict pain.
Chameleon, recovering, witnessed Squirrel suffering a terribly
painful Ego Whip attack. Rather than being unable to stand the
pain, it seems she was unable to stand the fact that another
creature could feel and act in such a cruel and sadistic fashion. It
drove her insane. Then inexplicably, the Symbiont left the scene
in a Time Machine which Chameleon was able to recognise as
Yelov's. It seems Yelov has trained the Symbiont to use it.
Chameleon carried Squirrel back to their own machine and
returned to the Eiger Vault. Squirrel is currently residing in the
mental wing of the TIME ward, in a catatonic state. She has
withdrawn completely into herself and has been retired from
active service. The report ends, you have lost Squirrel. Note this
fact on your Agent Profile. Turn to 296.

169

165
Your blast sears the Narc-bar roof behind the Phocian and you
see the ultralaser glow a blinding violet in the instant before it
erases your head and upper torso. You will never know how
Chameleon fared.

166
You leap over the wall into the hovpark and roll to your feet. A
flash of light catches your eye up in the Communication Tower
on Highway 1232. It is the sunlight reflecting off the laser rifle
of your would-be assassin. A second or two later there is a loud
explosion which fills the stairwell where you had been. As the
smoke clears, a man appears in the stairwell from below. His
face is masked and he carries a portable laser cannon. He looks
around, trying to spot you. However, the man in the
Communication Tower knows exactly where you are - you dive
for the cover of a parked hovcar. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 382
If you score 7-12, turn to 370

167
As soon as you direct your thoughts at one of the Clyss, his
feathery antennae and those of his four companions begin to
vibrate slightly. A sonic wave almost knocks you unconscious.
They are somehow disrupting your thought patterns in a way
that is so horrible, it leaves you weak and trembling, your heart
starts to miss beats. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
decide to try the mind of a different alien. Will it be:
A native Barbarossi?
One of the ant-like Hiver beings?

Turn to 185
Turn to 197

168
Diomedes jerks his head back in pain, but your Thinkstrike has
failed to fell him. He shakes his head and darts forward,
thrusting his spear overarm at you. Will you:
Turn to 82
Turn and run?
Try to charge forward under his spear thrust
Turn to 186
and slam your shield into him?
Try to parry his thrust with your shield and
Turn to 198
attack him with your own spear?

The Rigellian pauses for some time and you decide to let him
stew. At length he says that he would do his best to avoid
causing diplomatic incidents and rely on his personal code of
honour to ensure that he behaved correctly. 'But let us suppose,'
you butt in, 'that the species with which you were dealing lived
by a very different code, what then?' Once again the Rigellian
seems briefly at a loss before saying that he would of course
study local customs before mixing with a new culture. There is
not always time for such luxuries,' you reply. Yellowblades
seems unsure about his own powers of diplomacy. You ask him
whether he has mixed with the other students at the Academy
and it seems he has seen little of them outside curriculum hours,
preferring weapon practice to company. You decide to be a little
more tough. Will you:
Ask him what an oversized killing machine can
offer the TIME Police?
Turn to 181
Accuse him of being a Rigellian spy and probe
his mind using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 187
170
Yelov grunts in pain but he is strong willed and he manages to
resist your Thinkstrike. You whip out your Colt as fast as you
can and all hell breaks loose. Chameleon drops to one knee and
aims his rifle at the Symbiont. Yelov's speed is legendary and he
seats you to the draw and fires, the sound reverberating like a
thunderclap. You feel a hammer-like impact in your leg and you
are spun around. Lose 5 Endurance points. Your mind registers the
fact that the Symbiont has not moved - Chameleon has dropped
his rifle and is writhing on the ground in agony, a victim of the
Ego Whip. Turn to 214.
171
Your fire slices through Sparrowhawk's legs and she falls
lifeless to the floor. Chameleon's attack on Dark Star is similarly
successful and you look past the scene of carnage to the Time
Machine. Yelov and the Symbiont are being drawn up inside it
together. You open fire but it is too late. Seconds later the
machine dematerialises. Once more Agidy Yelov has slipped
through your grasp. He has jumped to a different timehole.
There is nothing you can do but dash back to Falcon's Wing and
chase him across time and space. You lose no time and within

minutes arrive safely back at the Spaceport where Falcon's Wing
waits. If you brought Cobra to Barbarossa, turn to 113. If not,
turn to 89.

172
A bolt of white lightning streaks from your pistol. Shadows
flicker and flare as the Engineering Deck is lit by the flash. But
the stream of plasma hurtles past the thread to be lost in the
vastness beyond. The Thaccoid brings its bloated body sac
around, impossibly contorted, and produces from its end a thin
stream of web-like thread, which hurtles towards you.
Desperately you try to dive aside. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 148
If you score 7-12, turn to 136

173
Your blast wipes away the bird-like head of the Phocian and the
ultralaser is flung to the floor at your feet. Chameleon's blaster
drops the last of your assailants and you both arm yourselves
with ultralasers before retiring to a dark alcove to take stock and
salve your wounds. Turn to 221.

174
A report flashes up on your screen. Chameleon and Blade
arrived in 1194 BC at the siege of Troy. There was much
fighting outside the city between the bronze clad, spear wielding
Achaeans and Trojans. Chameleon and Blade, dressed as
Achaean warriors, wandered the battlefield in search of the
cause of the timehole disturbance. They were attacked by the
Symbiont who used his mental Ego Whip on Blade, reducing
him to virtual paralysis by the mental pain. Chameleon
launched a Thinkstrike against the Symbiont, but there was no
apparent effect. Then inexplicably, the Symbiont left the scene
in a Time Machine which Chameleon was able to recognise as
Yelov's. It seems Yelov has trained the Symbiont to use it. Blade
is currently staying overnight in hospital for rest. He is very
shaken by his experience, never having experienced any mental
pain before. But he is very resilient and should be fit for action in
a short while. The reports ends. Turn to 296.

175
The Silver Dart lances through space towards the second line of
sails and the deep radar display shows that all of the other

racers, with the exception of one, have docked with lightsails in
the first row and have turned towards the sun, now bearing a
two-mile span of silver mesh with them, like space-faring
Portuguese Men O'War. The exception is just ahead of you, the
snub-nosed green racer of Greta Erikson, the navy pilot. You
watch as she uses her retros to slow her down and docks with
one of the sails. You manage to copy her and there is a grinding
and a jolt as the nose of your ship slides into place in the hub of
the sail, then you follow in Greta's wake, towards the great red
orb of the sun. Turn to 299.

176
Diomedes throws his head back and keels over, hitting the
ground with a ringing crash. Diomedes' charioteer stares in
amazement and Odysseus looks around for the slinger whom
he believes to be responsible for this. A cry goes up amongst
Diomedes' men: 'Diomedes is dead! Diomedes is dead!' and
losing heart they begin to fall back. Odysseus stays to help
Diomedes' charioteer. They lift the body of Diomedes into the
chariot. Odysseus bravely fends off the revitalised attacks of the
Trojans, but takes a spear thrust in his side. However, they
manage to escape in their light, fast-moving chariot. The tide of
battle is turning against the Achaeans now and they are being
slowly forced back to their wooden ramparts. A large-looking
warrior with a magnificent horsehair crest leads the Trojan
assault, but a last-ditch defence focuses around another large
Achaean warrior who carries a great shield, almost as large as he
is, giving time for the Achaeans to fall back in order. Turn to
404.
177
Your Thinkstrike does not fell the Symbiont but it does free
Chameleon from the Ego Whip which had held him helpless.
you both open fire together. If you are using ultralasers, turn to
171. Otherwise make an Attack Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 171
If you score 2-7, turn to 153

178
You slither over the wall as quickly as you can as another lasershot drills into the wall beside you. The maintenance walkway is
only five feet wide; looking down fills you with vertigo.
Carefully you peer over the edge of the wall. A flash of light

catches your eye up in the Communication Tower on Highway
1232. It is a reflection off a laser rifle. You can see your assassin
but it is too far to make out his features. Unfortunately, he is out
of effective range of your plasma pistol. It is also too far to target
a hunter/seeker, if you have one. The man in the Tower fires
again and you duck down, the laser beam boring into the wall.
Suddenly there is an explosion and the stairwell is filled with a
blinding flash. You recognise the effects of a portable laser
cannon. You can hear the sound of pounding footsteps, another
man is running up the stairs, presumably the wielder of the laser
cannon. If you have a harpoon/grapple gun and wish to use it,
turn to 188. Otherwise will you:
Stay where you are?
Run across the maintenance walkway to the
hospital?
Stand up and use your blaster on the man
running up the stairs?

Turn to 210

call the Falcon?' Instantly alert Chameleon looks around,
scanning the rooftops and shadowed alleys as you nod your
head, not looking at the boy but all around. 'I got a message fer
you then,' and he hands you a note saying: The old Lucky
Horseshoe ranch's outta town, thattaway,' and he points at the
far end of Tombstone. You take the note. It is written in
Galactic.
I know you're coming, Falcon. The Symbiont and I will be
waiting for you at the deserted Lucky Horseshoe ranch. Let us
finish this once and for all, for I am going to kill you.
Your Implacable Enemy
Yelov

179

You look up and the boy is still there, uncomfortably shifting
from foot to foot. After a minute's silence he says,' The man
with the long hair and funny face said you'd give me a silver
dollar, mister.' Resignedly, you take one of the coins CAIN gave
you and pass it to the boy. Without a word he snatches it and
scampers gleefully away. Turn to 108.

Soon you are dressed in typical clothes of the period - high,
narrow leather boots with pronounced heels, simple trousers
and a cotton shirt and leather waistcoat. A hat rests on your
head, and you have a scarf. Around your waist is buckled a
leather belt lined with bullets. In a holster at your hip lies a Colt
.45 'Peacemaker', a revolver or 'six-gun'. In your left hand you
hold an 1873 Winchester repeating rifle with fifteen cartridges
Moving the trigger guard lever down and back moves a fresh
shell into the chamber and ejects the old one. Chameleon is
dressed much as you are. You decide to follow CAIN's advice
and leave your 31st century weapons behind.

Suddenly there is a crackling sound and a lancing ruby light
burns through the trough and into the ground beside you. Yelov
has a laser weapon! Before you can react another bolt slices
through and grazes your arm. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are
still alive, the Bounty Hunter leans out and begins pouring a
volley of shots at the stable corner and Yelov is forced to pull
back. You pop up and train your Colt at the corner ready to fire
at the first sight of Yelov. The Bounty Hunter stops firing and
everything goes quiet. He looks at you expectantly. Will you:

Turn to 222
Turn to 234

'Ready, Chameleon?' you ask.
He nods. You descend onto the parched earth and walk towards
the town, side by side. After a twenty minute walk you enter
Tombstone along its dusty main street. Horse-drawn chuck
wagons and buggies drive past you and cowboys and welldressed gentlemen mill about on the boardwalks that line the
street. Wooden buildings, saloons, stables, stores and so on rise
up on either side. Billboards and signs add a little colour to the
drab-looking habitation. You are walking down the street
'listening' with your mind for signs of Yelov, when a dishevelled
young boy runs up to you and says, 'Hey, are you the one they

180

Stay where you are and await events?
Turn to 218
Tell the Bounty Hunter to cover you and make
a dash for the sheds opposite the stable?
Turn to 230

181
Yellowblades seems to have expected something like this. There
is no anger in his voice as he replies, 'You will find me
dependable, trustworthy and careful. There is more to me than
a mere killing machine.' You believe you have a good idea now of
exactly what Yellowblades has to offer so you tell him a little
more about the responsibilities of a Special Agent before
indicating that the interview is over. Turn to 201.

182
Drawing your blaster you dash down the corridor and dive
headlong into the room. 'Falcon! Curse you, you filth/ you hear
as you roll to your feet. Unmistakably it is the voice of your
ancient enemy, Yelov the arch-traitor, the man who has sworn
to kill you. He is already firing and a lancing bolt of ruby light
takes you in the upper arm as you come to your feet, spinning
you around and burning a neat hole in your environment suit
and your arm. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you drop
to your knees instinctively, aiming your blaster at Yelov. He is
armed with a laser pistol, the bionic side of his face gleaming
brightly in the glare of the control room lights, his eyes filled
with malice and his face contorted in a grimace of hate. You
squeeze the trigger. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 48
If you score 7-12, turn to 38

183
Blade stands guard over your table. All eyes are turned your
way as you confer quietly in the alcove. In some cases this means
many more than two per individual. The native Barbarossi are
squat, yellow barrel-shaped beings with three legs, two eyes set
in a face just above their stomachs and a third on top of a brown
hump which is where an Earther's head would be. The Bequal
wallows nonchalantly in its clinging pile of wet silk and the
insectoid Clyss appear to be staring at you defiantly, but it is
difficult to tell where their compound eyes are focused.
Chameleon suggests that you choose a mind to probe. If anyone
in Smugglers Port knows where Yelov's hide-out is, they might
well be among those lounging in the Narc-bar. Whose mind will
you probe:
Turn to 309
The mind of a native Barbarossi?
The mind of one of the fearsome-looking Clyss
insectoids?
Turn to 117
The mind of a Hiver?
Turn to 275

184
A report flashes up on your screen. Chameleon and Cobra
arrived in 1194 BC at the siege of Troy. There was much
fighting outside the city between the bronze clad, spear wielding
Achaeans and Trojans. Chameleon and Cobra, dressed
Achaean warriors, wandered the battlefield in search of the

I

cause of the timehole disturbance. They were attacked by the
Symbiont who used his mental Ego Whip on Chameleon. He fell
to the ground, temporarily paralysed from the intense mental
agony. The Symbiont tried the same on Cobra but he was able
to shrug the attack off. The Cobra proceeded to take the
Symbiont 'apart', (his own words) and was soon chasing him
about the battlefield of Troy. Chameleon is able to verify this.
However, eventually the Symbiont was able to escape in a Time
Machine which Chameleon was able to recognise as Yelov's. It
seems Yelov has trained the Symbiont to use it. Chameleon is
currently staying overnight in hospital for rest. He is a little
shaken by his experience, but is very resilient and should be fit
for action tomorrow. The report ends. Turn to 296.

185
You choose one of the nearest Barbarossi and, using your
Psychic Awareness, probe his mind. He starts as he feels the
touch of your thoughts, but is soon cowed by a veiled thoughtthreat. He knows where two Siriuns have recently hidden a
large container in a CYBERNET warehouse and you can read
the location from his mind. You Thinkstrike to stop him talking
until you are well on your way and leave with Chameleon
before anyone realises anything is amiss. Turn to 415.

186
Diomedes, experienced warrior though he is, is caught
unawares by your sudden counter charge. His spear thrust
passes down over your shoulder and you smash your shield into
him, throwing him backward onto the ground. He is up in an
instant however, but two men, hacking at each other with
swords, come in between you. Not wishing to risk your life in
needless battle you move back. Then a figure steps out from
behind a tall stone pillar on the mound of Ilus. He is of slight
build, with rich and ornate armour and holds a bow and arrow.
He takes aim and looses the arrow, and it pins Diomedes' foot to
the ground. He cries out in pain and surprise. The archer laughs,
but Diomedes snaps off the arrow and shouts: 'Paris, you
cowardly archer, if you came down here to face me, you would
find your bow of little use. The blows of a coward and a weakling
such as you are the blows of a woman. Not such are my blows.'
Paris laughs again, but comes down from the mound and runs
on to another area of the battle. In any case, Diomedes' wound is
enough to force him to retire from the battle. You notice that
the battle is turning against the Greeks, they are being forced

back to their wooden ramparts. A large-looking warrior with a
magnificent horsehair crest leads the Trojan assault, but a lastditch defence focuses around another large Achaean warrior
who carries a great shield, almost as large as he is, giving time
for the Achaeans to fall back in order. Turn to 404.

187
Your accusation surprises Yellowblades and you can read his
mind like an open book. There is a trace of guilt there but only in
so far as he will always be a patriot who puts his tribe before all
else at heart, but his motives for joining TIME seem honest. He
knows that he will be extending Rigellian influence in the
Federation by joining but he genuinely wishes to become, a
heroic agent. He feels that his life would acquire more meaning
as a guardian of civilisation than as a champion of the Rigellian
arena. You believe you have a good idea now of exactly what
Yellowblades has to offer so you tell him a little more about the
responsibilities of a Special Agent before indicating that the
interview is over. Turn to 201.

188
You fire the harpoon at the hospital wall. It embeds itself with a
loud crack. Without hesitation you jump into space, swinging
through the air on the harpoon's steel hawser. You arc down,
hurtling towards the hospital's entrance on a lower level. People
stare at you in astonishment from the pedway that runs up to
the hospital. Using your legs and hands you roll with the impact
as you strike the hospital, cushioning yourself from any serious
damage. Casually you unclip the harpoon and drop to the floor
below, ignoring the astonished group of onlookers. Entering the
hospital reception area you call the TIME building, ordering a
security hovcar to come and pick you up. A little later you are
back in the High Security wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

189
The blast of plasma that flies from your weapon misses
Sparrowhawk and erupts against a wall, but her answering shot
is not so wild. You fold up, your stomach ripped out by her blast,
and die, moaning at her feet. Chameleon and Blade are no
luckier than you and Yelov is free to hold history to ransom.

190
The Remote Access Terminal on your wrist lights up and a
message arrives from CAIN in Falcon's Wing: 'We have just left

the timehole, Falcon. I'm afraid we are marooned on this ship.
We will never leave it/There is nothing you can do now. In a few
months you will begin to age rapidly, a side effect of remaining
in the past for long periods of time. CAIN sends another
message: 'I will run out of power before the Ark reaches its
destination, so I am shutting myself down. I do not relish the
thought of going on with only you for company. Goodbye
Falcon.'
You are doomed to die of old age if madness does not take you
first.

191
As you sit down, all eyes are turned your way as you confer
quietly in the alcove - in some cases this means many more than
two per individual. The native Barbarossi are squat, yellow
barrel-shaped beings with three legs, two eyes set in a face just
above their stomachs and a third on top of a brown hump which
is where an Earther's head would be. The Bequal wallows
nonchalantly in its clinging pile of wet silk and the insectoid
Clyss appear to be staring at you defiantly, but it is difficult to
tell where their compound eyes are focused. Chameleon
suggests that you choose a mind to probe. If anyone in
Smugglers Port knows where Yelov's hide-out is they might
well be among those lounging in the Narc-bar. You are about to
make your choice when one of the Barbarossi sidles over to you
and in a strange sucking and whistling voice says, in Fedspeak
'My clients want the female humanoid. If you overpower her.
you may leave freely.' You ask who his clients are and he
motions with one of his three arms towards a group of four
insectoid Clyss. Turn to 243.

192
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of mental energy at
Yelov. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 170
If you score 7-12, turn to 302

193
You wait outside in the disused hovrail tunnel as Chameleon
makes pitiful burbling noises before turning back into the form
of a human. The warehouse door opens and you are suddenly
face to face with Dark Star and Sparrowhawk, both armed with

blasters. Sparrowhawk fires with blinding speed, knocking
Blade onto his back. You fire and slice through Sparrowhawk's
legs and she falls lifeless to the floor. Chameleon's attack on
Dark Star is similiarly successful and you race past the scene of
carnage into the warehouse. Sparrowhawk's dying act was to
think a warning to Yelov, her lover, and you arrive to see the
other Siriun, Yelov, and the Symbiont being drawn up inside the
Time Machine together. You open fire but it is too late. Seconds
later the machine dematerialises. Once more Agidy Yelov has
slipped through your grasp. He has jumped to a different
timehole. There is nothing you can do but dash back to Falcon's
Wing and chase him across time and space. Blade is too badly
wounded to accompany you, so you will have to leave him
behind. You lose no time and within minutes arrive safely back
at the Spaceport where Falcon's Wing awaits. Turn to 89.

194
Before you have hit the ground a bullet smashes into your arm lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your rifle flies from
your hand to skitter along the ground behind you and you
scramble to cover behind the old water trough, Yelov's shots
ricocheting all around you. Then, to your horror, the Symbiont
fires his rifle twice and Chameleon throws his arms up and falls
back, either dead or incapacitated. Seconds later, the Bounty
Hunter fires with deadly accuracy. A bullet thuds into the
Symbiont's shoulder. He staggers back and another takes him in
the stomach. He doubles up, dropping his rifle and a third bullet
slams into his chest and he is knocked backward to the ground
where he lies, a bloody mess, all in the span of three seconds.
Yelov curses and darts into cover behind the stable's far corner.
'You all right, Falcon?' shouts the Bounty Hunter.
'OK,' you reply. You look back. Chameleon is dragging himself
to the barn, leaving a trail of milky translucent blood. He slumps
in the doorway, sending you a feeble mental message, saying he
cannot fight any further. Then he passes out. He needs urgent
medical attention - you will have to finish this quickly. Suddenly
there is a crackling sound and a lancing ruby light burns through
the trough and into the ground beside you. Yelov has a laser
weapon! Before you can react another bolt slices through and
grazes your arm. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the
Bounty Hunter leans out and begins pouring a volley of shots at
the stable corner and Yelov is forced to pull back. You pop up

and train your Colt at the corner ready to fire at the first sight of
Yelov. The Bounty Hunter stops firing and everything goes
quiet. He looks at you expectantly. Will you:
Stay where you are and await events?
Turn to 218
Tell the Bounty Hunter to cover you and make
a dash for the cover of the sheds opposite the
stable?
Turn to 230

195
As the lightsail looms towards you at frightening velocity you
brake together and Pilota's craft cannons into your own before
tearing through the flimsy lightsail and on into space. The hull
of the Silver Dart has been cracked and the air seeps out to be
replaced with vacuum at absolute zero temperature, -273°C.
You are chilled to death before your body can be sucked out
through the narrow crack.

196
[Score XX]
All is quiet. If you have marked eleven or more Xs, turn to 190.
Otherwise, turn to 200.

197
As soon as you probe the mind of one of the six identical Hivers,
beings like giant black ants, you realise your mistake. Together
they make up a group or Creche which share a mind-link. They
have powers of the mind and you are locked in a battle of wills
with all six of them as they try to dominate you. Make a Power
of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 203
If you score 2-6, turn to 217

198
You try to parry his spear thrust, but Diomedes is an
experienced and mighty warrior, an expert with the spear. His
first thrust is a feint, and his second takes you in the side of the
deck, just where the bronze breastplate ends. Lose 14 Endurance
points. If you are still alive, you stagger back, blood flowing from
your wound. Diomedes gives a cry of triumph and you hear the
voice of Odysseus say: 'An excellent thrust Diomedes!' Your
legs give way beneath you and you drop to your knees. You can
barely move, as dimly you watch Diomedes walk up to you,

ready to administer the coup de grace. You are too disorientated to
use your mental powers for the moment. Will you:
Wrap your arms around his knees in supplication
in the attitude of one begging for mercy? Turn to 204
Try to pull out your plasma pistol and blast
him?
Turn to 216
Try to slam your shield into his knees and bowl
him over?
Turn to 228

199
You are too slow and the violet beam of the Phocian's ultralaser
takes your life. You will never know how Chameleon fared.

200
A voice rings out from the Control room, 'Thak! Where are you,
it is almost time for the Symbiont to arrive in the Time
Machine!' The voice is unmistakably Yelov's. You tense as you
recognise the voice of your ancient enemy, the arch-traitor
Yelov, the man who has sworn to kill you. You hear him
stepping towards the corridor. 'Crazy spider,' he mutters to
himself. He steps into the corridor ahead of you. A laser pistol
hangs at his side and the bionic half of his face flashes brightly in
the glare of the light. Will you:
Turn to 4
Turn to 14

Fire your blaster at Yelov?
Try and Thinkstrike him?

201
If you have not yet interviewed the Rigellian, you decide to talk
to him next: turn to 137. If you have not yet interviewed
Sosquilla, turn to 205. If you have already interviewed
Yellowblades and Sosquilla, turn to 301.

202
Note down who you decide to send to Troy and to the space
port. You can send Chameleon and your new agent to one and
Leopard and Sparrowhawk to the other. You also have time to
pick up three of the Weptech items in your office (for instance
two of the grenades and one mini laser- refer back to paragraph
100 if you wish to re-read the description) before heading to the
Eiger Vault and Falcon's Wing, your Time Machine. Within half
an hour you have issued your orders to your Special Agents and
are sitting in Falcon's Wing. You tell CAIN to set co-ordinates
for the timehole in the Galactic fringe.

There is a familiar tingle up your spine as Falcon's Wing shifts
into null-space. Soon it is rematerialising in real space but in the
year 2665 AD. CAIN activates the external cameras but the
sight that greets you is not that of endless blackness as you
expected. You are looking out on a large hangar-like area of dull,
grey steel. Crates and all kinds of machinery are stacked in
orderly rows. Most of it seems to be agricultural and building
machinery, tractors, diggers, cranes and the like. A dimly lit
corridor of steel leads out of the enormous hangar. There is a
thick layer of dust everywhere as if the place had been
undisturbed for centuries.
It is only logical to assume we have materialised on a ship,
although we are far from the boundaries of known space even
for our own time, Falcon,' chimes CAIN. 'I have run a scan on
ships in this area in 2665 AD and we must have materialised in a
storage hold of the Ark. The Ark was a colony ship without
hyperdrive sent out from Earth on a five hundred year journey
in search of habitable planets. On board are four thousand
people all in deep sleep in cryogenic tanks, to be awakened by the
computer brain of the ship when it has found a suitable planet. It
hasn't yet reached its target, the M43 star cluster, in 3034 AD,
Falcon, but hyperdrive ships have checked on its progress in
3032 and all was well. However, my instruments tell me that the
Ark is now on a different heading. It is on course for the star
cluster where our probes disappeared in 3034 AD, where it is
thought a highly aggressive, very hostile alien race exists. If this
ship were to reach there, and it is only two hundred years away,
then this race would discover humanity and may well move
against the Federation before we could have known they
existed. The Federation could be wiped out, Falcon. Yelov must
be or have been here and changed its course. You will have to go
to the Systems Control Deck and set the Navigation Computer
to rights.'
Give me a deck plan of the Ark, CAIN,' you ask and a map
appears on the screen in Falcon's Wing. You are at the rear of the
ship on B Deck. You will have to travel the length of the ship
past the storage holds, through the cryogenic storage racks,
which comprises most of B Deck to the ladder that leads to the
systems Control on A Deck.
You will have to hurry, Falcon,' chimes C A I N , ' the Ark is
rapidly nearing the edge of the timehole, carrying Falcon's Wing

with it. If we are taken out of the timehole we will be marooned
on the Ark forever.'
Whilst you are on the Ark, you will occasionally turn to
paragraphs marked with an X. Make a note each time you finish
a marked paragraph on your Agent Profile. When you have
noted eleven Xs, turn to 190. Now you don your environment
suit in case there has been any atmospheric leakages due to
meteors or asteroid damage and leave Falcon's Wing. Turn to
106.

203
The battle rages on for some time. Chameleon lends his own
mental strength to the fray and when the Hivers have seen into
your mind and realise that you mean them no harm, their attack
ceases. You decide to probe the mind of a different alien. Will it
be:
One of the insectoid Clyss?
A native Barbarossi?

Turn to 167
Turn to 185

204
It is all you can do to put your arms around him, head bowed in
supplication, the blood drenching your breastplate. Diomedes
pauses, your spine tingles and a cold sweat breaks out all over
you in fear and anticipation. 'Few would have the courage to
face me as you have, Trojan. I will spare your life. You will be
taken and sold into slavery. Let it not be said that King
Diomedes does not show mercy.' He steps back and signals for
some of his men to come and take you. The shock and pain of
your wound is wearing off now and you can tell it is only a flesh
wound, although a serious one, and bleeding badly. Taking a
plasnet field dressing from your shield, you apply it to your
wound, staunching the flow of blood. Before any of Diomedes'
men can reach you, there is a rousing shout from the Trojan
warriors nearby and Diomedes turns away from you, racing
back to his men as the Trojans, revitalised, press forward past
you. Turn to 414.

205
As the Rigellian leaves, you switch on the holovid once more.
Sosquilla, the Ardann and the Bounty Hunter have been sitting
in stony silence. Sosquilla looks relieved when Yellowblades tells
her to step into your office. Turn to 211.

206
A report on the polybdenum raid is flashed up on the screen for
you. It seems the Dark Star and her pet led a team of
CYBERNET agents on a raid about an hour ago. Dark Star
attempted to use her teleportation powers to gain entrance into
the warehouse, which had been reinforced by a squad of
Enforcers as well as Chameleon and Squirrel. However,
Squirrel used emotion control to influence Dark Star. The only
thing Dark Star really cares about is her pet and Squirrel was
able to play on this. Whilst Dark Star was distracted, Chameleon
was able to attack, wounding her badly. She was forced to
retreat and the CYBERNET team were unable to break into the
warehouse. The attempt to steal polybdenum was foiled. The
report ends.
You tell Ameena to send an official commendation to Squirrel.
So far Yelov and CYBERNET have been thwarted, but what will
they try next and where is Yelov? Turn to 296.

207
As the lightsail looms towards you at frightening velocity you
both brake and Pilota's craft cannons into your own before
tearing through the flimsy lightsail and on into space. Pilota
turns her racer, burning precious fuel and with incredible skill
manages to line up one of the nearby lightsails. The Silver Dart
cannons away into space but you manage to bring it under
control and then head for the second line of sails. Turn to 175.

208
You scramble for the cover of the old water trough, Yelov's
shots ricocheting around you. One of them hits your
Winchester, sending it spinning out of your grasp but you are
unhurt as you huddle behind the trough. Then, to your horror,
the Symbiont fires his rifle twice and Chameleon throws his
arms up and falls back, either dead or incapacitated. Seconds
later, the Bounty Hunter fires with deadly accuracy. A bullet
thuds into the Symbiont's shoulder. He staggers back and
another takes him in the stomach. He doubles up, dropping his
rifle and a third bullet slams into his chest and he is knocked
backward to the ground where he lies, a bloody mess, all in the
span of three seconds. Yelov curses and darts into cover behind
the stable's far corner. 'You all right, Falcon?' shouts the Bounty
Hunter.

OK,' you reply. You look back. Chameleon is dragging himself
to the barn, leaving a trail of milky, translucent blood. He
slumps in the doorway, sending you a feeble mental message,
saying he cannot fight any further. Then he passes out. He
needs urgent medical attention - you will have to finish this
quickly. Suddenly there is a crackling sound and a lancing ruby
light burns through the trough and into the ground beside you.
Yelov has a laser weapon! Before you can react another bolt
slices through and grazes your arm. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you
are still alive, the Bounty Hunter leans out and begins pouring a
volley of shots at the stable corner and Yelov is forced to pull
back. You pop up and train your Colt at the corner ready to fire
at the first sight of Yelov. The Bounty Hunter stops firing and
everything goes quiet. He looks at you expectantly. Will you:
Stay where you are and await events?
Turn to 218
Tell the Bounty Hunter to cover you and make
a dash for the cover of the sheds opposite the
Turn to 230
stable?

209
You dive to safety and Chameleon's blaster spits angrily, felling
the Phocian. Your own blaster kills his companions, but not
before Chameleon is badly wounded. Note that he is down to 12
Endurance points as you arm yourselves with ultralasers and retire
to a dark alcove to salve Chameleon's wound and take stock of
the situation. Turn to 221.

210
You stay where you are, crowding down, ready to blast anyone
who looks over the wall at you. Then you hear a roaring shout
behind you. Turning your head you see, swooping down
towards you, a jetcopter. Mounted on one side is a pulse laser,
illegal of course. The jetcopter is plain and unmarked, also
illegal. It almost certainly belongs to CYBERNET - only they
have the resources to deploy such equipment. It is about to open
fire. Will you:
Throw yourself back into the stairwell?
Fire your plasma pistol at the jetcopter?

Turn to 322
Turn to 334

211
You turn your attention to Sosquilla, who is sitting with her
hands under her chin, smile, and apologise for not greeting her

straight away. She smiles at you nervously. You go over her
outstanding performance at the Academy, praising her mental
agility. You have decided to begin the interview gently and
become tough later on. Will you:
Ask her why she feels that she is the best
candidate to become a Special Agent of
TIME?
Turn to 219
Ask her what she feels the duties of a Special
Agent include?
Turn to 225

212
[Score an X]
You turn left, walking on between banks of cryogenic tanks.
Then the corridor turns right and you follow it. On your left is a
bulkhead, beyond that, empty space. After a while the corridor
turns right again. Straight ahead and to your left lies the steel
door. You have simply come round in a square to approach it
from another direction. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 224
If you score 7-12, turn to 244

213
The Silver Dart describes a gentle curve towards the second line
of sails as Remo's scarlet racer docks safely. Turn to 417.

214
You hurl yourself to the ground and scramble for the cover of
the old water trough as Yelov fires again. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 232
If you score 7-12, turn to 254

215

buildings are a bizarre mixture of crude and crumbling archaic
designs and occasional modern plasteel blocks funded by
CYBERNET blood money. You are on your guard but the street
you are in, Lasgun III, is deserted. Just as Chameleon is about to
change his form into one of the stout tripedal Barbarossi, the
ground gives way beneath you and sheets of spiked metal slam
shut on your stomach and back. The spikes move to meet each
other, inexorably driven by an unseen engine. Lose 3 Endurance
points. Luckily Chameleon is able to transform himself into a
repnid and force the trap apart through sheer strength. The
horrifying form of the repnid shimmers and ripples and
Chameleon stands before you as a handsome Earther once
more. 'Designed to catch Earther Enforcers,' he says pointing at
the trap. You mutter your thanks and walk warily on. Turn to
339.

216
You reach for your blaster, but you barely have enough
strength to hold it and your movements are painfully slow.
Diomedes drives his spear into your neck again, almost severing
your head, and all goes dark. You die on the battlefield of Troy.

217
The battle is short. Almost before you realise what they are
doing your will is overcome and you are forced to turn your
weapon on Chameleon. You kill him and then, apparently
sweating with effort, you commit suicide. The Hiver race have
had their revenge.

218
You wait, ears straining. Suddenly Cobra grunts in pain and you
turn to see that Yelov has crept into the log cabin from the back
and surprised Cobra with a blow to the back of his head. He is
lying slumped at Yelov's feet, who grins malevolently. You have
a split second in which to act. Will you:

Barbarossa is an anarchy world, without Enforcers. It is a haven
for any criminal, sadist, bully or cheat who cares and dares to
make it his home. An offworlder, as they refer to new arrivals, is
always in danger, all the more so if he or she is an Enforcer
Barbarossa is CYBERNET's stronghold from which the
tentacles of the underworld reach out to poison the galaxy.

Leap up and hurl yourself to the other side of
the trough?
Turn to 360
Try and fire your Peacemaker before he fires at
you?
Turn to 366

You are smuggled out of the starport inside a large gas cylinder
from which you emerge into the slum of Smugglers Port. The

Sosquilla seems surprised by your question. Her beautiful
honey-smooth voice belies evident nervousness as she replies.

219

disarmingly, 'Oh! Oh, I'm sure I'm not the best candidate.'
Sensing from the expression on your face that she has said the
wrong thing, she goes on hurriedly. 'But of course I would do
my best to deserve your confidence if you chose me.' She smiles
again, the picture of innocence.
'Do you want to be made a Special Agent?' you ask. She
hesitates once more, before replying that she does. Will you ask
her if:
All of the Ardann are, like her, reluctant to
push themselves forward?
She is afraid of being a Special Agent?

Turn to 229
Turn to 235

220
You drop to one knee and fire your Peacemaker at the
Symbiont. A bullet slams into his arm and he cries out in pain.
Chameleon is suddenly released from his Ego Whip and picks up
his rifle. Simultaneously Yelov fires at you again, hitting your
left arm. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you still live, you dive for cover
behind the old water trough as Chameleon's rifle makes two
sharp reports. The Symbiont is hit once in the stomach and then
again in the chest, which sends him flying backward to lie
sprawled in the sun - a bloody mess, quite dead. Yelov curses
and fires with deadly accuracy and Chameleon is knocked over
by a bullet as if he'd been hit by a sledgehammer. He lies in a pool
of milky translucent blood, groaning feebly, incapacitated. Yelov
is turning to you, but you have a chance to get a shot off at him
from your position behind the trough. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 308
If you score 7-12, turn to 316

221
All eyes are turned your way as you confer quietly in the alcove.
In some cases this means many more than two per individual.
The native Barbarossi are squat, yellow barrel-shaped beings
with three legs, two eyes set in a face just above their stomachs
and a third on top of a brown hump which is where an Earther's
head would be. The Bequal wallows nonchalantly in its clinging
pile of wet silk and the insectoid Clyss appear to be staring at you
defiantly, but it is difficult to tell where their com pound eyes are
focused. Chameleon suggests that you choose a mind to probe

If anyone in Smugglers Port knows where Yelov's hide-out is,
they might well be among those lounging in the Narc-bar.
Whose mind will you probe:
The mind of a native Barbarossi?
Turn to 185
The mind of one of the fearsome-looking Clyss
insectoids?
Turn to 167
The mind of a Hiver?
Turn to 197

222
You dash out across the walkway, not daring to look down.
Then a loud roaring fills your ears.To your left, swooping down
towards you, is a jetcopter. Mounted on one side is a pulse laser,
illegal of course. The jetcopter is plain and unmarked, also
illegal. It almost certainly belongs to CYBERNET - only they
have the resources to deploy such equipment. A wave of panic
washes over you as you realise it is going to attack and that you
are in a very exposed position. The pulse laser spits a spray of
energy shells at you. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 238
If you score 7-12, turn to 250

223
Ahead of you is the glittering silver mesh of the lightsail filling
your vision as the two ships converge on the central hub of the
sail and you wait to see if Remo will concede defeat, but his ship
hurtles on, ever closer to your own. Looking at the scarlet racer
you can see his black hair and aquiline features as the danger
increases. Your nerve fails first and you are forced to swerve
suddenly aside to duck beneath the sail and head off towards the
second line of lightsails as the Scarlet Bullet docks safely and
then turns towards the great red orb of the sun. Turn to 417.

224
[Score an X]
You walk on towards the door. Suddenly, without warning,
there is a terrible crash and a section of the floor buckles up in
front of you. A massive, hairy, black insectoid leg thrusts up out
of it. There is another resounding crash and an enormous
spider-like creature, with a reptilian head rising up from the
front of its enormous bloated sac-like body, bursts out from
under the floor. Two eyes, like black glistening pools, rest on
stalks and its mouth is surrounded by palps and mandibles

working spasmodically. With the speed of a striking trap-spider,
it darts forward, two of its eight legs reaching for you with barbtipped, hook claws. With a scream of horror you recognise the
Thaccoid, so much more horrible than reading its file could ever
have led you to believe. Your mind picks up strong mental
emanations from the Thaccoid, virtually blind raging lust for
your blood with a frightening predatory singlemindedness that
fills you with terror, the ancient fear of the prey for the
predator. Desperately you try to avoid its grasping limbs. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 256
If you score 7-12, turn to 268

225
Sosquilla's reply is given without the need of a moment's
reflection. 'A Special Agent of TIME must be knowledgeable,
resourceful, determined and ... brave. They must be able to
protect the timelines of history without their presence being
discovered.' You nod but you cannot help noticing the way that
she hesitated before saying the word brave. Will you ask her if:
All of the Ardann are, like her, reluctant to
push themselves forward?
She is afraid of being a Special Agent?

Turn to 229
Turn to 235

226
A report on the polybdenum raid is flashed up on the screen for
you. It seems the Dark Star and her pet led a team of
CYBERNET agents on a raid, about an hour ago. Dark Star used
her teleportation powers to gain entrance into the warehouse,
which had been reinforced by a squad of Enforcers as well as
Chameleon and Blade. She was able to avoid Chameleon's
attacks by teleporting but then she tried to disable Blade by
appearing behind him and catching him unawares. Blade, whose
reactions are superhuman had anticipated this and his attack
was swift and devastating. Dark Star was wounded and forced
to teleport out, abandoning the assault. The CYBERNET team
were unable to break into the warehouse. The attempt to steal
polybdenum was foiled. The report ends.
You tell Ameena to send an official commendation to Blade. So
far Yelov and CYBERNET have been thwarted, but what will
they try next and where is Yelov? Turn to 296.

227
As you drift silently around the flaming sun, a great tongue of
fire as large as a planet erupts from the surface like a geyser. It is
thousands of miles across and there is nothing you can do as the
rolling flames engulf you. The racer is vapourised and so are
you, cremated in a solar flare.

228
Summoning up all your strength you lift the shield and try to
slam it into his knees, but the shock to your system caused by
your neck wound leaves you severely weakened. You only
manage to rap his knees feebly. Desperately you try to thrust up
with your spear, but Diomedes knocks it aside easily. He pauses.
You are indeed a brave warrior. Few would have the courage to
-ace me as you have, Trojan. I will spare your life. You will be
taken and sold into slavery. Let it not be said that King
Diomedes does not show mercy.' He steps back and signals for
some of his men to come and take you. The shock and pain of
your wound is wearing off now and you can tell it is only a flesh
wound, although a serious one and bleeding badly. Taking a
plasnet field dressing from your shield, you apply it to your
wound, staunching the flow of blood. Before any of Diomedes'
men can reach you, there is a rousing shout from the Trojan
warriors nearby and Diomedes turns away from you, racing
back to his men as the Trojans, revitalised, press forward past
you. Turn to 414.

229
Sosquilla says that she is accounted brave among the Ardann
but that her species would be called timid by most Earthers. She
then tells you how it is possible, in her society, to avoid conflict
completely. Her command of the Earther language is excellent
and she is easily able to persuade you of the strengths of the
Ardann culture whilst acknowledging that she is not born to
deal with war-like races or violence. You decide to become a little
tougher to see how she will respond. Will you:
Spring towards her and then shout, 'How dare
you think you were fitted to become a Special
Agent.?
Turn to 239
Paint a grisly picture of the dangers she will
face and then use your Psychic Awareness to
probe her mind?
Turn to 245

230
You surge up and vault the trough, running as fast as you can
for the sheds, whilst Cobra leans out of the cabin door and fires
several times at the corner of the stables. You leap over the body
of the Symbiont and reach the sheds without hindrance. You
dart into one and take up a position by a shattered window,
looking out at the stable opposite. You can see Yelov has moved
from behind the corner of the stable. Then your eye is drawn by
a sudden movement at the log cabin. Cobra suddenly slumps
unconscious and Yelov appears from the cabin, his gun pointed
at the old water trough, a malevolent grin on his face. He
hesitates in surprise when he sees that you are no longer there.
If you still have your Winchester, turn to 384. If not, turn to 392.

231
As soon as Chameleon opens the door and waddles into the
warehouse, the two Siriuns and the Cybernet operatives are
instantly alert, drawing their weapons. The Symbiont smiles
and says in an unnatural, tired voice, 'Ah, food.' Chameleon
suddenly clutches his three arms to his face. There is a frown of
intense concentration on the Symbiont's face and Sparrowhawk
is looking at him with ill-concealed revulsion. Will you:
Thinkstrike the Symbiont?
Run in and open fire on the two nearest,
Sparrowhawk and Dark Star?

Turn to 51
Turn to 355

232
A bullet thuds into your arm, sending the Winchester flying
from your grip. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you still live, you dive
into cover behind the trough. The Symbiont fires his rifle twice
and Chameleon throws his arms up and falls backward to the
ground. He groans feebly and crawls towards the barn leaving a
trail of milky, translucent blood behind him. He slumps inert at
its entrance - he needs urgent medical attention. Suddenly
everything goes quiet. Will you:
Pop up and fire your Peacemaker at the
Symbiont?
Stay where you are?

Turn to 246
Turn to 266

233
Ahead of you is the glittering silver mesh of the lightsail filling
your vision as the two ships converge on the central hub of the

sail and you wait to see if Remo will concede defeat, but his ship
hurtles on, ever closer to your own. At the last second you
realise that his nerve is not going to give way. The moment for
safe braking comes and passes as you streak towards the silver
hub of the sail. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 4, 5, or 6, turn to 253
If you score 2 or 3, turn to 265
If you score 1, turn to 277

234
You stand up, but before you can aim, let alone fire, the man in
the communication tower has burnt a neat hole in your
forehead with his laser rifle, killing you instantly and you topple
off the walkway to the city below.

235
Once again the Ardann replies promptly, admitting that she
does react with fear at the thought of joining the TIME police,
but that she has found herself becoming braver during her
training and her people would now think her reckless. You
decide to become a little rougher to see how she will respond.
Will you:
Spring towards her and then shout, 'How dare
you think you were fitted to become a Special
Agent.'?
Turn to 239
Paint a grisly picture of the dangers she will
face and then use your Psychic Awareness to
probe her mind?
Turn to 245

236

[Score an X]
You turn right, walking on between banks of cryogenic tanks.
then the corridor turns left and you follow it. On your right isa
bulkhead, beyond that, empty space. After a while the corridor
turns left again. Straight ahead and to your right lies the steel
door. You have simply come round in a square to approach it
from another direction. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 224
If you score 7-12, turn to 244

237
Soon after you change course, drifting silently around the
flaming sun, a great tongue of fire as large as a planet erupts
from the surface like a geyser. It is thousands of miles across and
rushes forward to consume you at terrifying speed. The red
glow surrounds the racer's cockpit and as the heat dampers
begin to overload your skin blisters and smokes. Lose 6 Endurance
points. If you are still alive, the racer is thrown higher by the blast
which disappears as suddenly as it erupted, the geyser of
hydrogen consumed. Luckily the controls are developed to
withstand such heat and you bring the Silver Dart back under
control and consult the deep radar display to check your
position. Turn to 317.

238
An energy pulse explodes into your shoulder with a flash. You
are hurled backwards off the walkway to plummet helplessly to
the ground far below. At least your death will be instantaneous.

239
Without warning, you hurdle your desk and land just feet from
the Ardann. She flinches and you cannot help feeling sorry for
someone who has been thrust into an unenviable position by the
people of her homeworld. Suddenly you feel yourself filled with
remorse at the thought that you have tried to bully Sosquilla.
You reach forward to cup her innocent features in your hands,
only to see her smiling mischievously. With a shock you realise
that she has used her power to increase the strength of your
emotions and, laughing, you retreat behind your desk once
more. You were powerless to resist and you now have a good
idea of the talents that she would bring to the TIME police. You
indicate that the interview is over, and she leaves. Turn to 201.

241
Your mind is not strong enough to break the bird-man to your
will and his answer leaves you in no doubt as to his ability to
resist. The violet beam of the ultralaser catches you as you are
trying to hurl yourself aside. Lose 10 Endurance points and, if you
are still alive, make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 209
If you score 2-6, turn to 199

242
[Score an X]
The door opens into a small alcove with a hole in the floor.
Running up and down through the hole is a simple iron ladder.
Presumably down leads to the Engineering Deck, but you know
you must go up to the Systems Control Deck. You climb up the
Ladder as quietly as possible - certainly the Thaccoid could not
nave come here alone, it requires someone with psychic ability
to pilot a Time Machine, as well as the knowhow to re-program
the Navigation Computers. You come out in another small
alcove. A thin circular corridor, padded and lit with flickering
instrument panels, travels for about ten feet and then opens out
into a bright white area, lined with consoles, screens and
instrumentation of all kinds - the Systems Control room. But is
the Thaccoid's companion, possibly Yelov himself, still in there,
or has he returned to 3034 AD? How much time have you
before the Ark leaves the timehole? Will you:
Run forward, dive into the Control room and
roll to your feet?
Turn to 182
Stay where you are and wait a few minutes to
see if anyone is there?
Turn to 196

240
Your spear misses Diomedes by a foot. Quickly you pick up the
spear Diomedes threw and turn to face him as he darts forward,
thrusting his spear overarm at you. Will you:
Turn and run?
Turn to 82
Try to charge forward under his spear thrust
and slam your shield into him?
Turn to 186
Try to parry his thrust with your shield and
attack him with your own spear?
Turn to 198

243
Chameleon tells the Barbarossi that they can have Squirrel in
exchange for some information and he probes the mind of the
squat yellow triped. When he has finished the Barbarossi falls
Thinkstruck to the floor and Chameleon calls you both to follow
him, explaining that he knows where Yelov's hide-out is. You
leave the Narc-bar through the orthodox front entrance,
watching the Clyss carefully, but they do not hinder you. Turn
to 285.

244
You feel a sudden vibration in the iron grille floor and a slight
sound reaches your ears. Instantly you stand alert, your senses
ready. Without warning, there is a terrible crash and a section of
the floor buckles up in front of you. A massive, hairy, black
insectoid leg thrusts up out of it. There is another resounding
crash and an enormous spider-like creature, with a reptilian
head rising up from the front of its enormous bloated sac-like
body bursts out from under the floor. Two eyes, like black,
glistening pools rest on stalks and its mouth is surrounded by
palps and mandibles working spasmodically. With the speed of a
striking trap-spider, it darts forward, two of its eight legs
reaching for you with barb-tipped, hook claws. With a scream of
horror you recognise the Thaccoid, so much more horrible than
reading its file could ever have led you to believe. Your mind
picks up strong mental emanations from the Thaccoid, virtually
blind raging lust for your blood with a frightening predatory
singlemindedness that fills you with terror, the ancient fear of
the prey for the predator. But you were not caught entirely by
surprise. Turn to 268.

245
You recount the tale of your recent odyssey through Time and
Space, when as a result of an attempt to travel into the future
you became lost in time, dwelling in gruesome detail on the
many dangers that befell you. Without warning, you use your
Psychic Awareness to probe Sosquilla's mind. Your words are
indeed filling her with fear, so that you cannot be sure whether
or not she would panic when faced with danger. But there is a
strength of character and power of intellect that almost
humbles you. Realising that you will never know whether she
can cope until she experiences the real thing, you indicate that
the interview is over and she leaves. Turn to 201.

246
You surge up, your left hand steadying your right as you aim at
the Symbiont. His rifle is pointed directly at you but you have
caught him momentarily by surprise. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 348
If you score 7-12, turn to 358

247
Blade charges the warehouse door which flies off its hinges with

a crash, and you follow, blasting on the run. Make an Attack
Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 125
If you score 2-4, turn to 189

248
Yelov grunts in pain but he is strong willed and he manages to
resist your Thinkstrike. You whip out your Colt as fast as you
can and all hell breaks loose. The Bounty Hunter dives to the
right, a gun suddenly in his hand, like magic, and rolls to his feet
in the doorway of the log cabin. Chameleon drops to one knee
and aims his rifle at the Symbiont. Yelov's speed is legendary
and he beats you to the draw and fires, the sound reverberating
like a thunderclap. You feel a hammer-like impact in your leg
and you are spun round. Lose 5 Endurance points. Desperately you
throw yourself to the ground as Yelov fires again. Your mind
registers the fact that the Symbiont has not moved Chameleon has dropped his rifle and is writhing on the ground
in agony, a victim of the Ego Whip. Make an Evasion Roll as you
try to scramble out of the path of Yelov's bullets.
If you score 2-6, turn to 194
If you score 7-12, turn to 208

249
As you slowly overhaul Lord Pilota's craft the enormous sail
changes its angle to the sun in a majestic sweep of glittering
silver. The Lord of TIME has deliberately set her racer on
collision course with your own. If the sails become entangled it
will mean death for both of you. Will you:
Hold your course?
Take evasive action by moving further away
from the sun?

Turn to 267
Turn to 259

250
All you can do is continue on and hope for the best. Incredibly
you are not hit and the jetcopter sweeps past above you. You
make it to the hospital ambulance tower. To your left, a ladder
leads up to the ambulance landing pad - directly in front of you is
a skylight. You can hear the wail of a Citpol jetcopter siren, the
Enforcers are arriving at last. But the CYBERNET jetcopter is

wheeling in for another attack run. Will you:
Dive through the skylight?
Open fire with your plasma pistol?

Turn to 258
Turn to 270

251
The view outside the sterilisation dome is spectacular. You are
at the edge of a plateau, a sheer cliff begins fifty feet from you
and below lies one of the largest cities on Sirius Secundus,
Poikile. The distinctive Siriun architecture with its slanting
rooftops of solar panels and sun umbrellas reminds you of a
man-made mushroom forest. As soon as you appear outside the
dome your clothes and weapons appear in a hatch behind you
and you are soon ready for action once more. As you belt on
your blaster there is a shrieking whirr and a hovcar sideslips
towards you landing near the edge of the plateau. Turn to 261.

252
Your spear flies through the air. At the last moment Diomedes
twists aside, but the spear grazes his arm. He winces but then
gives vent to a battle cry and darts forward, ready to thrust his
spear overarm at you. Quickly you take up the last spear he
threw at you. Will you:
Turn and run?
Turn to 82
Try to charge forward under his spear thrust
and slam your shield into him?
Turn to 186
Try to parry his thrust with your shield and
attack him with your own spear?
Turn to 198

253
At the last moment Remo's craft veers away and you brake
sharply while lining the Silver Dart's nose up with the centre of
the sail. There is a scraping and a sudden jarring, then the
enormous span of the sail shudders. Amazingly the silver mesh
holds and you realise with a flood of relief that you have docked
successfully. The Scarlet Bullet turns towards the second line of
sails and you turn your craft towards the great red orb of the
sun. Turn to 389.

254
You slide into cover behind the old trough, Yelov's shots
ricocheting around you. The Symbiont fires his rifle twice and
Chameleon throws his arms up and falls backward to the

ground. He groans feebly and crawls towards the barn, leaving a
trail of milky, translucent blood behind him. He slumps inert at
its entrance - he needs urgent medical attention. Suddenly,
everything goes quiet. Will you:
Pop up and fire your Peacemaker at the
Symbiont?
Stay where you are?

Turn to 246
Turn to 266

255
Squirrel gulps nervously in response to your order and looks
through the gelquartz at your four foes. Suddenly her nerve
breaks and she covers her face in her paws. You daren't risk
probing her mind so close to Yelov, but it seems obvious that she
needs rest and cannot continue. You order her to return to the
Siriun spaceship and report to the medtechs there. You will
have to continue the mission without her help. Will you:
Order Chameleon to open the door and walk in,
pretending to be a local Barbarossi?
Turn to 381
Burst the door down together after Chameleon
has reverted to human form?
Turn to 375
Tell Chameleon to mimic a Barbarossi death
call and see if they come out to investigate? Turn to 365

256
[Score an X]
Before you can move the pincer-like claws of the Thaccoid drive
into your sides, piercing your Environment Suit and your flesh.
Lose 6 Endurance points. You are lifted into the air in front of the
Thaccoid's gaping maw. Suddenly the Thaccoid whips up the
two longest of its legs and, to your horror, you notice a silvery
web stretched between them like a net. With a swift stabbing
motion it whips its legs forward trying to trap you. Will you:
Thinkstrike the Thaccoid?
Use your blaster to blast at it?
Try to blast the web?

Turn to 20
Turn to 352
Turn to 32

257
The bird man's will cracks quickly before the mighty onslaught
of your thought and you force him to turn away and call his
companions to leave you alone. Perplexed, they do so, and you
walk with Chameleon to a dark alcove to take stock of the
situation. Turn to 221.

258
The jetcopter swoops in, pumping energy pulses at you. Make
an Evasion Roll, as you smash through the skylight.
If you score 2-6, turn to 282
If you score 7-12, turn to 292

259
You lose time as the Silver Dart sways majestically out of the
path of Lord Pilota's racer and out onto a higher orbit. You catch
sight of the 'Indigo Swarm', the Clyss Insectoid's racer, which
floats along in her wake as she corrects her course to fly the path
that you would have flown. By the time you are on your new
course two other racers have overtaken you. One of them
seems to slacken speed, dropping back towards you. Turn to 33.

260
With a massive effort of will you manage to throw off the
mental assault. The Symbiont screams in rage and frustration.
Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 294
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Turn to 306
Activate the humanoid hunter/seeker if you
have it?
Turn to 314
Throw your spear?
Turn to 326
Shout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once
were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from Hel.'?
Turn to 338
Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

261
A section of the reflecting airshield slides down into the body of
the hovcar and a black-leather-clad arm beckons. The car bears
the golden and blue markings, S.E.A., of the Siriun Enforcement
Agency. The nearest wing tilts upwards sharply so that you can
step beneath it into the cockpit. It is a luxury airlimo, probably
used for ferrying important Siriuns from place to place in safety.
The car accelerates out over the plateau edge even as you fasten
the safety harness. It seems superfluous to identify yourself to
the two Siriun Enforcers so you ask your destination and
receive the reply: 'Central Enforcement Agency in Poikile, Sir.'
You tell them you are expecting a message from Agent

Sparrowhawk and they assure you that she is in control of
everything. You ask them if they have heard anything of Yelov
but are greeted with silence so you fall to contemplating the
Enforcers' backs. They are clad from head to foot in the black
skin of a crocodilian animal, which smells real. On their heads
they wear flanged black helmets that turn their normally catlike grace into a clumsy threat. They are armed with percussion
rifles and laser pistols. You find yourself wondering why all
Enforcers, no matter what their race, look so brutal? The
passenger turns suddenly towards you and offers you a Siriun
mindweed smoke, an exotic delicacy which heightens the
senses, and a time-honoured gesture of esteem. You eye the
blue velvet covered box that he offers and, feeling that it would
be undiplomatic to refuse, take it from him. When you open it a
horrible sight greets your eyes. Turn to 269.

262
Yelov grunts in pain and staggers back. He is strong willed and
does not pass out, but he is dazed. You register the fact that the
Symbiont has not moved and that Chameleon has dropped his
rifle and is writhing on the ground in agony, a victim of the Ego
Whip, as you draw your Colt and fire at Yelov, the sound
reverberating like a thunderclap. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-5, turn to 274
If you score 6-12, turn to 280

263
Summoning up all of your concentration you make an attempt
to subjugate the Phocian leader to your will. Make a Power of
Will Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 257
If you score 2-4, turn to 241

264
[Score an X]
You only just have time to throw yourself backward as the net
sweeps over your head inches away from you. The Thaccoid
pulls back its legs and you have time to act. Will you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn to 278
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn to 340
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening

the B Deck up to space?
Turn
Try to control it using your Power of Will? Turn
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one? Turn
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either
the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn

to 318
to 132
to 300
to 310
to 328

Do not choose an option you have already tried.

265
At the last moment Remo's craft veers away and you brake
sharply. While lining the Silver Dart's nose up with the centre of
the sail, your haste makes you over-correct for lateral drift. The
nose of your ship pierces through the sail itself and you shoot on
past the tatters out of control. The extra momentum you have
given to the sail allows Remo to slow and then dock with it, but
he will be slowed by the damage you have caused. At last you
manage to regain control of your racer and head towards the
second line of sails. Turn to 417.

266
You remain crouched in position. Suddenly there is a cracking
sound and a beam of ruby light cuts through the trough and into
the ground beside you. One of them is using a laser! Another
beam burns through and into your thigh. You have no choice
but to vacate your position. Turning round you spot Yelov
coming out of the door of the log cabin behind you, a smile of
triumph on his face. He fires his pistol and you are hit in the
chest, the force flinging you upright, to be cut in two by the
Symbiont's laser.

267
Reckoning that Lord Pilota is too experienced a racer to
endanger her life needlessly you hold relentlessly to your
course. The arcing span of silver that is attached to her blue and
white racer glitters ever closer to the Silver Dart's sail tips, but
at the last possible moment she gives way and her racer falls into
your wake. At the same moment above and behind you there is a
sudden flare of a firing rocket motor. A yellow disk-shaped racer
with red fangs painted on its front cuts across your field of
vision. Singleship Sly has used some of his precious manoeuvring fuel to surge across your bow and dip down close to
Sirius. The Silver Dart's acceleration drops away. Lord Pilota,

thinking you are the young Siriun racer, has placed her ship
between you and the sun. She has taken the solar wind from
your sails. If you stay where you are you will lose too much time
and die of radiation sickness. Will you:
Follow Singleship Sly down closer to Sirius?
Edge into a higher orbit and let Lord Pilota
through?

Turn to 403
Turn to 419

268
You twist and dive backward to the floor and roll to your feet
just as the barbed claws crash viciously together, exactly where
you had been. The Thaccoid makes a clicking sound, which your
universal Translator is only able to interpret as some expression
of frustration. The Thaccoid scuttles backward a foot or two, as
if preparing to leap again, its black eyes staring at you,
inscrutable yet possessed with malignant energy. You have a
moment in which to attack. Will you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn
Thinkstrike it?
Turn
Try to control it using your Power of Will?
Turn
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one?
Turn
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either
the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn

to 278
to 340
to 318
to 290
to 132
to 300
to 310
to 328

not choose an option you have already tried.

269
Inside is an object nine inches across. The first thing that you
notice is an eye surrounded by melted flesh, which looks
unnervingly familiar. Underneath is melted circuitry and
slightly scorched and floating in a sack of bloody fluid, is a raw
human brain. Suddenly recognition overwhelms you. The eye is
a bionic eye, the eye of Agent Leopard. If you have a nerve gas
grenade and wish to use it, turn to 281. Alternatively you can:
Go for your blaster,
Try to use your Power of Will on the Pilot,
Ask the Enforcers exactly what is going on,

Turn to 295
Turn to 287
Turn to 305

270
You turn and aim your plasma pistol at the jetcopter's
plexiglass-bound cockpit. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 304
If you score 7-12, turn to 312

271
You peer through a gelquartz window which distorts the inside
of the warehouse to make things appear nearer, as if you were
looking into a goldfish bowl. You can hear no sound through the
warehouse door, but one glance confirms that you have found
your quarry. Yelov is working on his Time Machine. The
Symbiont is helping him and Dark Star is talking to
Sparrowhawk. These two are sitting on hover couches halfway
Between you and the Time Machine. No-one has noticed you,
out your quarry are all armed. A poor Barbarossi lies quivering
helplessly on the ground behind the Time Machine. Blade
volunteers to lead the attack, the muscles on his face are ridged
with tension which pulls his indigo lips back in a feral grimace.
Will you:
Both follow Blade into the warehouse?
Turn to 247
Order Chameleon to open the door and walk in,
pretending he is a Barbarossi?
Turn to 231
Tell Chameleon to mimic a Barbarossi's death
call and see if they come out to investigate? Turn to 193

272
Try as you might, you cannot overcome the pain and the
Symbiont raises his sword. At the last moment, the immediacy
to death gives you enough strength to throw yourself to the
side, but the Symbiont's sword bites into your arm. Lose 6
Endurance points. If you are still alive, the mental agony abruptly
eases. It appears the Symbiont is unable to keep up his Ego
Whip for long periods. You scramble out of reach, gathering
your mind. The Symbiont spins to face you, a look of frustrated
rage on his face. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Activate the humanoid hunter/seeker if you
have it?
Throw your spear?
5hout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once

Turn to 294
Turn to 306
Turn to 314
Turn to 326

were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from
Hel.'?
Turn to 338
Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

273
In the chaotic exchange of fire that follows, both Chameleon
and you are wounded, whilst one of the Phocians falls to
Chameleon's blaster. You have lost 10 Endurance points. If you are
still alive note that Chameleon is down to 12 Endurance points. Rolling
behind a table you fire a savage blast at an ultralaser-toting
Phocian. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 173
If you score 2-6, turn to 165

274
You miss Yelov and your bullet throws up a spurt of dust at his
feet. The gunshot shocks him out of his daze and he drops to one
knee, his pistol in his hand like lightning. Desperately you throw
yourself to the ground and scramble for the cover of the old
water trough as he opens fire. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 194
If you score 7-12, turn to 208

275
As soon as you probe the mind of one of the six identical Hivers
beings like giant black ants, you realise your mistake. Together
they make up a group or Creche which share a mind-link. They
have powers of the mind and you are locked in a battle of wills
with all six of them as they try to dominate you. Make a Power
of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 297
If you score 2-6, turn to 217

276
You are too slow and the web slaps into you. Instantly you are
stuck fast in its gluey embrace. You thresh wildly but it only
serves to enmesh you further. The Thaccoid spins the net
around, bundling you up in the web, cocooning you. You can dc
nothing as it draws you to its mouth and begins to eat you alive

277
At the last moment Remo's craft veers away and you brake
sharply. In your haste, while lining the Silver Dart's nose up
with the centre of the sail, you over-correct for lateral drift and
the nose of your ship pierces through the sail itself. A large
section of the fragile mesh entangles itself around the Silver Dart
and you are unable to use the attitude jets. Your course will take
you past the dying sun and on into the blackness of intergalactic
space. A racer knows the perils involved and it would be too
expensive to fly a rescue mission every time this happened. You
will die when your air runs out.

278
You draw your blaster and unleash a stream of superheated
plasma at the Thaccoid. Your aim is true and you take it full in its
mouth area. There is a high-pitched bubbling scream of pain and
the Thaccoid scuttles back, legs and mandibles threshing madly.
But there is no visible wound, no vapourised flesh or black ichor.
Your jaw drops in astonishment - it has been hurt but,
incredibly, it seems only minor. The Thaccoid is indeed an
extremely tough and resilient being able to withstand even
lightning itself. What kind of planet could Thacos be where a
creature needs to evolve such defences to survive? Suddenly it
hops forward and whips its forelegs at you in another attempt to
grab you in its hooked claws. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-5, turn to 256
If you score 6-12, turn to 364

279
You wait outside in the disused hovrail tunnel as Chameleon
makes pitiful burbling noises before turning back into the form
of a human. The warehouse door opens and you are suddenly
face to face with Dark Star and Sparrowhawk, both armed with
blasters. Their first shot knocks Sosquilla onto her back. She is
incapacitated, you will have to continue the mission without
her. If you are using ultralasers, turn to 145. Otherwise, make
an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 145
If you score 2-4, turn to 153

280
You hit Yelov in the shoulder and he spins round shocked out of
his daze by the wound but still alive. Because of his wound his
aim is affected. Whenever you have to evade one of Yelov's
shots you may add one to your Evasion Modifier to reflect this.
Yelov drops to one knee, his pistol in his hand like lightning
Desperately you throw yourself to the ground and scramble for
the cover of the old water trough as he opens fire. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 194
If you score 7-12, turn to 208

281
The grenade goes off and in the confined space of the jetcar it
affects you all. The jetcar sideslips out of control as you lose
consciousness. When you awake you are alone in the car apart
from the brain of Agent Leopard which is now unnaturally
flaccid and has turned an unpleasant purple colour. You don't
need a medtech to tell you that brain death has occurred. You
foolish action in setting off a nerve gas cannister has killed
Leopard. There is a loud report behind you. Turn to 5.

282
You are hit in the thigh as the skylight shatters around you
Your clothes protect you from the glass, but not from the
energy pulse. Lose 8 Endurance points. You crash into a clean white
corridor of the hospital. A medtech orderly stares at you in
astonishment. You get to your feet, saying, TIME police
Where's the nearest holophone?' flashing him your identity
card. He points wordlessly down the corridor at a door. You
dash through it into an office filled with several computer banks
- a records office. Using the holophone, you place a call to the
TIME building, ordering a security hovcar to come and pick you
up. Then you call Citpol, informing them of the situation
Bureaucratic procedure requires for a full report but you can
leave that until Yelov is caught. Your wound will also have to
wait, even though you are in a hospital. Citpol will be handling
the CYBERNET team by now and you make your way to the
hospital reception area. It is not long before you are back in the
High Security wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

283
You try to turn the sail too quickly and it warps and buckles
under the strain. As the debris from Singleship Sly's racer hits
the lightsail, it is torn away from the Sliver Dart. You haven't
enough fuel to escape the gravity well of the red giant. The hull
begins to shudder, your skin blisters and smokes and the heat
shields overload. You are vapourised.

284
A report on the polybdenum raid is flashed up on the screen for
you. It seems the Dark Star and her pet led a team of
CYBERNET agents on a raid about an hour ago. Dark Star used
her teleportation powers to break into the warehouse, despite
extensive security. About twenty CYBERNET agents, extensively equipped and well trained, an elite squad, raced into
the warehouse. The Enforcer squad were overwhelmed and a
battle ensued between Dark Star and agents Chameleon and
Cobra. Cobra began to get the upper hand, stunning her pet, but
Dark Star teleported behind him and shot him in the leg. Cobra
is currently in hospital but he will be ready for action again in a
day or so. The CYBERNET team escaped with twenty-four rods
of polybdenum. Note down that the raid was successful.
Yelov has been thwarted for now, but the polybdenum theft
was carried out. The thought uppermost in your mind at the
moment though is where is Yelov? Turn to 296.

285
As soon as you leave the narc-bar Chameleon transforms
himself into a Barbarossi, capering comically on three short fat
legs. Mindful that you have already fallen foul of two traps,
including that which tipped you into the narc-bar, you tread
carefully on your way to Subway Alpha VI where Yelov's hideout lies. The streets are almost deserted, but the heavy air is still
thick with the droning of jetcars and 'copters. You tell
Chameleon and Squirrel not to use any of their powers of mind
until you give the command to attack, lest Yelov senses your
approach. The squirrel-like girl seems frightened but her
features are set determinedly. After no more than five minutes'
walk you enter the tunnel of a disused subterranean hovrail
which leads to the back of the warehouse. Turn to 391.

286
With a massive effort of will, you force your body to move away
from the Symbiont and you scream with the effort. The
Symbiont stops in astonishment at this feat of willpower. Then
the mental agony abruptly ceases and you stagger with relief. It
appears that the Symbiont is unable to maintain its Ego Whip
for long periods. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 294
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Turn to 306
Activate the humanoid hunter/seeker if you
have it?
Turn to 314
Throw your spear?
Turn to 326
Shout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once
were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from Hel.'?
Turn to 338
Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

OK,' you reply. You look back. Chameleon is dragging himself
to the barn, leaving a trail of milky translucent blood. He slumps
in the doorway, sending you a feeble mental message, saying he
cannot fight any further. Then he passes out. He needs urgent
medical attention - you will have to finish this quickly. Suddenly
there is a crackling sound and a lancing ruby light burns through
the trough and into the ground beside you. Yelov has a laser
weapon! Before you can react another bolt slices through and
grazes your arm. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the
Bounty Hunter leans out and begins pouring a volley of shots at
the stable corner and Yelov is forced to pull back. You pop up
and train your Colt at the corner ready to fire at the first sight of
Yelov. The Bounty Hunter stops firing and everything goes
quiet. He looks at you expectantly. Will you:
Stay where you are and await events?
Turn to 218
Tell the Bounty Hunter to cover you and make
a dash for the cover of the sheds opposite the
stable?
Turn to 230

287
As you bend your mind to control the pilot, you are locked into a
battle of wills with a mystery third person, a woman. The
second Enforcer whips out his laser pistol and fires, just as you
realise that the pilot is not in control of his own mind. The laser
sears your neck and throat and you collapse back into your
harness, unconscious. Lose 10 Endurance points. When you wake
you are alone in the car except for the brain of Agent Leopard.
All of your weapons have been taken. There is a loud report
behind you. Turn to 5.

288
You miss Yelov and he fires at you again, hitting your rifle
which flies out of your hands to skitter along the ground behind
you. You hit the dirt in cover behind the water trough, pulling
out your Colt. Then, to your horror, the Symbiont fires his rifle
twice and Chameleon throws his arms up and falls back, either
dead or incapacitated. Seconds later, the Bounty Hunter fires
with deadly accuracy. A bullet thuds into the Symbiont's
shoulder. He staggers back and another takes him in the
stomach. He doubles up, dropping his rifle and a third bullet
slams into his chest and he is knocked backward to the ground
where he lies, a bloody mess, all in the span of three seconds.
Yelov curses and darts into cover behind the stable's far corner.
'You all right. Falcon?' shouts the Bounty Hunter.

289
You shoulder charge the door together and Sparrowhawk and
Dark Star spin round to fire at you. Sparrowhawk is aiming at
Squirrel and Dark Star at Chameleon. Will you:
Fire on Sparrowhawk?
Fire on Dark Star?

Turn to 43
Turn to 27

290
Concentrating your mental faculties you hurl a blast of psychic
rower at the raging predatory mind of the Thaccoid. There is a
moment's hesitation but it seems unhurt, either its mind is of
too alien a nature or it is invulnerable to Thinkstriking.
Suddenly the Thaccoid whips up the two longest of its legs and,
to your horror, you notice a silvery web stretched between
them like a net. With a swift stabbing motion it whips its legs
forward trying to trap you in the net-like web. Make an Evasion
Roll as you try to dodge its attack.
If you score 2-6, turn to 276
If you score 7-12, turn to 264

291
Too late you remember that Chameleon does not have the

power of Thinkstriking. One of the Phocians slumps to the
floor, a victim of your Thinkstrike, but his comrades open up
with their deadly ultralasers and you both die even as you are
reaching for your blasters. Yelov is free to hold history to
ransom.

292
The skylight shatters, energy pulses exploding around you.
Your clothes protect you from the glass and you crash into a
clean white corridor of the hospital. A medtech orderly stares at
you in astonishment. You get to your feet, saying, TIME police,
where's the nearest holophone?' flashing him your identity
card. He points wordlessly down the corridor at a door. You
dash through it into an office filled with several computer banks
- a records office. Using the holophone, you place a call to the
TIME building, ordering a security hovcar to come and pick you
up. Then you call Citpol, informing them of the situation.
Bureaucratic procedure requires for a full report but you can
leave that until Yelov is caught. Citpol will be handling the
CYBERNET team by now and you make your way to the
hospital reception area. It is not long before you are back in the
High Security wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

293
Your skill is just great enough, the Silver Dart's lightsail bends
alarmingly, but stays whole as you skim above the debris of
Singleship Sly's racer, then back onto course in an undisputed
first place. Your deep radar display shows the nearest opposition
some way behind but one of the racers has veered off towards
deep space and a fast moving blip appears on course to meet it.
The two ships dock and the fast moving blip sets off again. If
that was Yelov's racer, he has met friends at a pre-arranged
point and escaped. You can't tell who picked him up, instead you
are forced to continue the race or die. Soon you have completed
your orbit and sight the pale green planet Sirius Secundus. You
are in radio contact again as you accelerate away from the sun
on the wings of the solar wind. The Intelfax Commentator
assumes that the pilot of Yelov's craft is, like Singleship Sly
dead, but you can hear him shouting in excitement: 'A new hero
of solar racing, the young Siriun, Vladislow Petrov, comes home
first from a hard-chasing Lord Pilota ...'
The freighter arrives to tow you in. Turn to 3.

294
You concentrate your mind and send a blast of mental energy at
the Symbiont. As you do so, it becomes clear to you that Helm's
mind receives a surge of mental strength from the parasite,
horribly alien in nature. Combined, their power is too great and
your Thinkstrike has no effect. The Symbiont glares in manic
triumph at you, almost daring you to try and hurt him. Then he
draws a pistol from behind his shield. The barrel is long with
two slim rods, like tiny finned rockets at either side. He fires and
one of them falls from the gun and accelerates towards you with
a whirring sound. It is all you can do to try and interpose your
bronze shield between your body and the unknown hunter/
seeker-like missile. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 368
If you score 7-12, turn to 380

295
You drop the box and go for your blaster which seems to appear
in your hand as if by magic, so quickly do you draw it. But the
Enforcer who handed you the box is also drawing his laser
pistol. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 321
If you score 2-4, turn to 331

296
There is nothing else you can do for now, so you decide to get
some rest, as night falls over the city of Alpolis. You lie back in
your plexiform couch and soon you are asleep. At dawn you are
awakened by the sound of your holovid bleeping insistently.
You may restore 1 point of Endurance for your rest if you have lost
any. Accepting the call, you see that it is Po-Ling, looking bleary
eyed and sleepy. 'Something just came in, Section Chief. Yelov
has been sighted on Sirius Secundus, his homeworld. That's all
we know. Goodbye.' You are taken aback by Po-Ling's unusual
taciturnity, he is usually irritatingly verbose. Anyway, his news
is momentous. It would not be fair to send any of your agents to
deal with such a deadly opponent as Yelov alone. In any case, it is
almost a personal duel between the two of you after all this time.
The driving force behind Yelov's insane behaviour is his singleminded desire to kill you. Indeed, he has tried destroying the
whole Federation just to achieve that one goal before now. You
decide you will have to go to Sirius and decide to send Leopard

and Sparrowhawk on ahead. She is a Siriun and her contacts
may prove useful. You take a shower and ready yourself for the
trip. You may take any item from your list given in paragraph
100, but not any you may have already used, nor may you carry
more than three. Once you have chosen, turn to 303.

297
The battle rages on for some time - Chameleon lends his own
mental strength to the fray and when the Hivers have seen into
your mind and realise that you mean them no harm, their attack
ceases. You decide to probe the mind of a different alien. Will it
be:
One of the insectoid Clyss?
A native Barbarossi?

Turn to 117
Turn to 309

298
Your bullet slams into Yelov's shoulder, knocking him to the
ground. Because Yelov is wounded his accuracy is impaired. If
you need to evade any of his shots, you may add one to your Evasion
Modifier to reflect this. You hit the dirt in cover behind the water
trough, pulling out your Colt. Then, to your horror, the
Symbiont fires his rifle twice and Chameleon throws his arms
up and falls back, either dead or incapacitated. Seconds later, the
Bounty Hunter fires with deadly accuracy. A bullet thuds into
the Symbiont's shoulder. He staggers back and another takes
him in the stomach. He doubles up, dropping his rifle and a third
bullet slams into his chest and he is knocked backward to the
ground where he lies, a bloody mess, all in the span of three
seconds. Yelov curses and darts into cover behind the stable's far
corner. 'You all right, Falcon?' shouts the Bounty Hunter.
OK,' you reply. You look back. Chameleon is dragging himself
to the barn, leaving a trail of milky translucent blood. He slumps
in the doorway, sending you a feeble mental message, saying he
cannot fight any further. Then he passes out. He needs urgent
medical attention - you will have to finish this quickly. Turn to
180.

299
Studying the deep radar display you realise that you are
occupying last position in the race, not far behind Greta
Erikson's green racer. The position of the others is shown on
your display as arrows.

Now that you have a sail with which to fly around the sun, you
must concentrate on orbiting it without being engulfed in a
solar flare, at the same time staying close enough to the sun so
that the orbit is completed before your neutron shields
overload.

ship's automatic life support function - clearing the air.
Suddenly, to your horror, the Thaccoid hurtles out of the
dissipating gas cloud, completely unaffected and charging at
you! Cursing its alien metabolism you jump back and prepare
to attack again. Will you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn to 278
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn to 340
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn to 318
Thinkstrike it?
Turn to 290
Try to control it using your Power of Will? Turn to 132
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either
the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn to 310
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn to 328
Do not choose an option you have chosen before.

Sirius

The Computer has projected three possible courses onto the
radar display. Which course will you take:
Course A, within 5,000 miles of the sun's
surface?
Turn to 103
Course B, 12,000 miles from the sun's surface? Turn to 61
Course C, 25,000 miles from the surface of the
red giant?
Turn to 47
300
You hurl the grenade at the Thaccoid, it clatters to the ground
and rolls beneath its bloated body-sac. There is an explosion and
a bubbling cry of pain from the Thaccoid as the force of the blast
lifts it momentarily off the ground. Clouds of greenish smoke
billow up around it, filling the corridor with noxious gas. The
Thaccoid is obscured from view and you back up the corridor to
await events safe inside your Environment Suit. Vents in the
walls of the ship open up and begin sucking the gas away - the

301
The Bounty Hunter is impassive as he sits opposite you. You
know that his scores in the Sim-Combat booths are as high even
as your own. The man facing you is a born killer and a survivor.
What you must decide is whether he can become a reliable
member of the team that is the TIME police. Will you:

Ask him why he feels he is the best candidate to
become a Special Agent of TIME?
Turn to 311
Ask him what he feels the duties of a Special
Agent involves?
Turn to 319

302
Yelov staggers back under your mental assault but his will is
strong and he does not fall unconscious, although he is dazed.
The Symbiont is pointing his rifle at Chameleon. Will you:
Fire your Colt at Yelov?
Fire at the Symbiont?

Turn to 330
Turn to 324

303
Losing no time you board a strato-cruiser at the Alpolis
Stardome that will deliver you to the Calgary spaceport within
thirty minutes. You commandeer the pilot's holovid and open a
link to Agent Sparrowhawk who, with Agent Leopard, is

awaiting your orders at the spaceport. She looks fit and alert and
seems pleased when you tell her that they are to fly to Sirius
Secundus, her homeworld, on the nearest available nava
cruiser, without waiting for you to arrive. 'We can leave a
message for you at the alien immunisation centre,' says
Sparrowhawk.
'I would prefer not to have to observe customs formalities,' you
reply but Sparrowhawk replies that even she cannot arrange for
you to be treated as a Siriun.
The Siriuns are a fiercely independent lot who are unlikely to
make things straightforward for you, but you order Sparrowhawk to arrange a meeting with the Siriun Enforcement
Agency who have been alerted about Yelov, then fall to
remembering your most recent encounters with the insane
Siriun who was once your boss. Turn to 313.

304
Your aim is off and the bolt of plasma streaks past the jetcopter
to dissipate in the skies over Alpolis. The jetcopter opens fire and
a stream of energy pulses hurtle towards you. One of them
explodes onto your chest. You are blown backwards into the
skylight, and glass shatters all around you. Your clothes protect
you from the glass but not from the energy pulse. Lose 12
Endurance points. If you are still alive you crash into a clean white
corridor of the hospital. A medtech orderly stares at you in
astonishment. You get to your feet, saying, TIME police
where's the nearest holophone?' flashing him your identity
card. He points wordlessly down the corridor at a door. You
dash through it into an office filled with several computer
banks, a records office. Using the holophone, you place a call to
the TIME building, ordering a security hovcar to come and pick
you up. Then you call Citpol, informing them of the situation
Bureaucratic procedure requires for a full report but you car
leave that until Yelov is caught. Your wound will also have to
wait, even though you are in a hospital. Citpol will be handling
the CYBERNET team by now and you make your way to the
hospital reception area. It is not long before you are back in the
High Security wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

305
As you stare at the limpid brain of Agent Leopard, the Enforcer
who handed you the box whips out his laser pistol and aims it at

you, daring you to move. There is a sound behind you and a
sharp prick in the back of your neck. Your Psychic Awareness
tells you that someone with psychic powers has appeared
behind you, seemingly from nowhere, as you drift into a deep
sleep. When you awake you are alone in the car except for the
brain of Agent Leopard. All of your weapons have been taken.
There is a loud report behind you. Turn to 5.

306
You concentrate your mind and reach out in an attempt to
dominate the Symbiont. As you do so it becomes clear to you
that Helm's mind receives a surge of mental strength from the
parasite, horribly alien in nature. Combined, their power is too
great and your attempt at control is thrown off. Then he draws
a pistol from behind his shield. The barrel is long with two slim
rods, like tiny finned rockets at either side. He fires and one of
them falls from the gun and accelerates towards you with a
whirring sound. It is all you can do to try and interpose your
bronze shield between your body and the unknown hunter/
seeker-like missile. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 368
If you score 7-12, turn to 380
307
Events overtake you suddenly. Even as you are calling out to
Chameleon, Cobra has started blasting. Chameleon drops his
weapon as you are both hit by the Phocian lasers. You lose JO
Endurance points. If you are still alive, note that Chameleon is
down to 12 Endurance points. You mange to blast one of the
Phocians and the Cobra has killed the others within two
seconds; you arm yourselves with their ultralasers. Turn to 345.

308
You take aim and fire but your shot misses Yelov, whirring past
him to take a chunk of wood out of the stables. Yelov fires back,
repeatedly, and a bullet strikes your rifle just as you are ducking
down, sending it spinning away out of your hands. You draw
your Peacemaker. Then everything goes deathly quiet. Only
Chameleon's occasional moans of pain and the creaking of the
ranch sign break the silence. Will you:
Leap up and make a dash for the sheds opposite
the stable?
Turn to 336
Stay where you are?
Turn to 342

309
You choose one of the nearest Barbarossi and, using your
Psychic Awareness, probe his mind. He starts as he feels the
touch of your thoughts, but is soon cowed by a veiled thought
threat. He knows where two Siriuns have recently hidden a
large container in a CYBERNET warehouse and you can read
the location from his mind. You Thinkstrike him to stop him
talking until you are well on your way and you leave with
Chameleon and Blade before anyone realises anything is amiss.
Turn to 409.

310
Which hunter/seeker will you use? If you use the Reptilian
knock out drug, turn to 394. If you use the Insectoid one, turn to
402.

311
The Bounty Hunter's voice is surprisingly soft but the tone is
brusque. 'It's simple, I'm one of the best there is. I've been in
situations that would have scared even you and I've won out.
I've tangled with CYBERNET and lived. I can buy anything I
want, but what I want, with all my heart, is to be a Special
Agent.'
'How do you feel about taking orders?' you ask.
'It's part of the job, I expect that. I know agents are given an
enormous amount of responsibility, no problem.' You nod and
look at him in silence for some time before asking him another
question. Will you ask him:
How he thinks he will react as a member of a
team?
Turn to 325
Why he thinks the TIME Lords would wish to
trust him with a Time Machine?
Turn to 335

312
You take careful aim and pull the trigger. The superheated
plasma explodes into the jetcopter, vapourising the cockpit. It
falls out of the sky in flames, plummeting to the ground below.
You realise that it will almost certainly kill many civilians. A
Citpol jetcopter arrives on the scene. Moving closer it hovers a
few feet away from you and then lands on the ambulance pad. A

blue and gold uniformed Enforcer alights and approaches you,
whilst another covers you with his las-rifle. 'Well done, well
done, you've managed to kill lots of nice people walking on the
first level pedway. Let's see your ID,' he demands rudely. You
hand him your identity chip and he slips it into a wrist terminal.
His face falls as he realises who you are. 'Section Chief Falcon,
eh? Well, you are free to go, but we will be lodging an official
reprimand with the TIME Lords. We don't want you TIME boys
smashing the city up, do we?' With that he turns and departs.
You descend to the hospital reception area where you call a
TIME police security hovcar which soon drops you off at the
High Security Wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

313
Soon after landing at the wide open glasteel expanse of the
starport on Sirius Secundus, you are waiting in a long queue of
merchants and trippers, mostly Earther stock, although directly
behind you are two Clyss, tall insectoids from Cygnus Alpha 3.
You are waiting to be cleared for contact with the Siriun
population. As the line shuffles slowly forward, you find
yourself blaming Sparrowhawk for the delay, though in all
probability she could have done nothing to speed you on your
way. At last the spaceport's Deputy Commander strides up to
you, apologising profusely for the breach of etiquette that has
kept you waiting. Agidy Yelov has brought disgrace to the
Siriun race, but you can tell that there is an irrational
resentment towards you as if his criminal doings were in some
way your fault. At last your ID has been checked and you are
hovcarred to the immunisation block. Turn to 327.

314
Quickly you arm, aim and activate the hunter/seeker, tossing it
into the air. It hovers for a moment, then streaks towards its
target, the Symbiont. His eyes widen in surprise and,
recognising it for what it is, he tries to block it with his shield but
the gleaming steel drone banks and thuds into his thigh. He
grunts in pain and staggers, the knockout drug taking effect. He
falls on his side and you relax. Suddenly the parasite on his back
throbs violently and the Symbiont shrieks in pain, his eyes
flying open. He rolls over, howling, and then leaps to his feet,
snarling at you insanely. The parasite must have released an
anti-toxin into his blood. The Symbiont hurls the spear he is
carrying at you. As a Singleship Scout he trained with many

weapons and it flies straight towards your chest. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 344
If you score 7-12, turn to 356

315
As you go for your blaster, so does Cobra and, together, you cut
down the Phocians before they can fire, then arm yourself with
their ultralasers. Turn to 345.

316
Your rifle barks once and you hit Yelov in the shoulder. The
force of the Winchester bullet throws him backward to the
ground and he cries out in pain. Quickly he fires his pistol at you
from his prone position, forcing you to duck. Then everything
goes deathly quiet. Only Chameleon's occasional moans of pain
and the creaking of the ranch sign break the silence. Will you:
Leap up and make a dash for the sheds opposite
the stable?
Turn to 336
Stay where you are?
Turn to 342

317
Checking your deep radar display shows that your brave gamble
of passing so close to the red giant has paid off in terms of the
race. You are in the lead. Above and behind you there is the
sudden flare of a firing rocket motor. A yellow disk-shaped racer
with red fangs painted on its front cuts across your field of
vision. Singleship Sly has used some of his precious manoeuvring fuel to surge across your bow and dip down close to
Sirius. You have lost the lead. At least, you reflect, you have
managed to avoid Yelov thus far. Will you:
Follow Singleship Sly down?
Stay on your present course?

Turn to 403
Turn to 413

318
[Score an X]
You unleash a blast of superheated plasma at the bulkhead
behind the Thaccoid. There is a blinding flash and a small hole
appears in the wall. Instantly it is torn wide open by the force of
the air in the Ark rushing out into the vacuum of space. There is

a clicking cry of distress from the Thaccoid as it is lifted up and
sucked towards the hole. You find yourself ripped off the
ground by the escaping air hurtling after the Thaccoid. You
watch horrified as it sweeps into space and then bursts like a ripe
melon as the gases inside it rush out into open space. Black ichor
and glistening grey viscera balloon outward into space. If you
have the harpoon/grapple backpack, turn to 376. If not, turn to
386.

319
'Well, I see it mainly as a deterrent job. When we go into action
we've gotta be seen to be good or too many people will be
stealing machines and disappearing. Of course when-we're in
another time we have to keep a low profile, but I've lain low as a
stowaway often enough.'
'What about the fact that you'll be an ambassador of the
Federation to many species?'
'I have to admit diplomacy isn't my most complete suit, I'm not
exactly a natural.' You nod and look at him in silence for some
time before asking him another question. Will you ask him:
How he thinks he will react as a member of a
team?
Turn to 325
Why he thinks the TIME Lords would wish to
trust him with a Time Machine?
Turn to 335

320
Your Winchester discharges with a sharp report, but your
accuracy is off, firing on the run as you are, and the bullet
whizzes past Yelov to tear a chunk of wood from the stable.
Yelov gives a wordless cry of rage and begins firing at you
repeatedly, forcing you to dive for the cover of the water
trough. Turn to 214.

321
You are too quick for the Siriun Enforcer and his head is
splattered across the airscreen by a bolt from your blaster. But
in his dying throes his finger clamps on the pistol trigger and the
laser hits your leg. Lose 4 Endurance points. The pilot is still
concentrating on the controls so you decide to disarm him. Turn
to 101.

322
You are halfway over the wall when the jetcopter opens fire, as
does the man in the Communication Tower and the man with
the laser cannon in the stairwell. The wall you are on is blown
away and your body is shattered by several pulses of energy
exploding all around you. You give a short cry of pain as you are
blown out in the sky, to plummet to the city below, but you are
dead before you hit the ground.

323
Barbarossa is an anarchy world without Enforcers. It is a haven
for any criminal, sadist, bully or cheat who cares and dares to
make it his home. An offworlder, as they refer to new arrivals, is
always in danger, all the more so if he or she is an Enforcer.
Barbarossa is CYBERNET's stronghold from which the
tentacles of the underworld reach out to poison the galaxy.
You are smuggled out of the starport inside a large gas cylinder
from which you emerge into the slum of Smugglers Port. The
buildings are a bizarre mixture of crude and crumbling archaic
designs and occasional modern plasteel blocks funded by
CYBERNET blood money. You are on your guard but the street
you are in, Lasgun III, is deserted. Just as Chameleon is about to
change his form into one of the stout tripedal Barbarossi, the
ground gives way beneath you and sheets of spiked metal slam
shut on your stomach and back. The spikes move to meet each
other inexorably driven by an unseen engine. Lose 3 Endurance
points. Luckily Chameleon is able to transform himself into a
repnid and force the trap apart through sheer strength. The
horrifying form of the repnid shimmers and ripples and
Chameleon stands before you as a handsome Earther once
more. 'Designed to catch Earther Enforcers,'he says, pointing at
the trap. You mutter your thanks and walk warily on. Turn to
359.

324
You drop to one knee and fire your Peacemaker at the
Symbiont. A bullet slams into his arm and he cries out in pain.
Chameleon is suddenly released from his Ego Whip and picks up
his rifle and fires, the Winchester giving two sharp reports. The
Symbiont is hit once in the stomach and then again in the chest
which sends him flying backward to lie sprawled in the sun, a
bloody mess, quite dead. The sound of gunfire shocks Yelov out
of his daze and, as quick as lightning, he fires at you, forcing you

to duck low and then fires at Chameleon with deadly accuracy.
Chameleon is knocked over by a bullet, as if he'd been hit by a
sledgehammer. He lies in a pool of milky translucent blood,
groaning feebly, incapacitated. Yelov is turning to you, but you
have a chance to get a shot off at him from your position behind
the trough with your rifle.
If you score 2-6, turn to 308
If you score 7-12, turn to 316

325
'I've teamed up with hunters before ... Besides a Time
Machine's like a hyped-up singleship, isn't it? Yeah, I think I can
handle it.'
'Let's suppose that your death was the only way in which the
people of Ascension colony could be saved from catastrophe,
what would you do?'
'I'd die,' replies the Bounty Hunter, looking you straight in the
eye.
You decide to become a little more rough with him.'I don't think
you've got what it takes ...' Will you:
Tell him that you think he is just a glory
hunter?
Turn to 343
Say that you think he is too dangerous to join
the TIME police, then probe his mind using
your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 351

326
You cast a spear at the Symbiont, but he was once a Singleship
Scout and his reflexes are superb. He twists nimbly out of its
path, laughing manically. Do you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Turn
Activate the humanoid hunter/seeker if you
have it?
Turn
Shout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once
were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from Hel.'?
Turn

to 294
to 306
to 314
to 338

Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

327
You walk through an airlock into the spaceport's immunisation
block where a smiling Siriun medtech gives you an appropriately sized pill to place in each of your bodily orifices. Then
she politely asks you to remove all articles of clothing which she
then places inside a sterilisation chamber telling you that they
will be returned to you on the other side of the gas chamber.
This is standard procedure when visiting Sirius Secundus so
you step into the chamber. Inside the sterilisation dome all
foreign microbes on your skin and in your guts will be killed so
that you do not bring a crippling offworlder disease to the
population of Sirius Secundus. Turn to 337.

328
You turn and run back up the corridor. Suddenly you feel a great
blow at your back and you are smashed to the ground. Rolling
over, you are greeted by a hideous sight. The Thaccoid has leapt
upon you and its huge mouth is directly above you, dripping
fluid and pulsing horribly. Your legs are trapped under the vast
bulk of its body, the massive legs ringing you to either side. You
notice its vicious looking fangs as it readies itself to strike. You
must try to avoid its fangs as you desperately try to struggle
free. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 408
If you score 7-12, turn to 418

329
Events overtake you suddenly. The leader of the Phocians
comes under your domination but he is cut down by Cobra's
blaster and soon the other two join him in death at the Cobra's
hands. You start to reprove him for his excessive zeal, but arm
yourselves with the dead Phocian's ultralasers nevertheless.
Turn to 345.

330
You fire your Peacemaker at Yelov, and it hits him in the
shoulder, causing him to cry out in pain. Because of his wound,
Yelov's accuracy is impaired. If you have to evade one of Yelov's
shots, you may add 1 to your Evasion Modifier to reflect this.
Chameleon is still in mental agony. You are about to fire at the
Symbiont when Yelov, shocked out of his daze by your gunshot,
gives a strangled cry of rage, draws his pistol like lightning and

fires at you repeatedly throwing up showers of dust at your
feet, forcing you to duck for cover. Turn to 214.

331
You are too slow, a ruby red light links the tip of the Enforcer's
laser pistol to your blaster which becomes too hot to handle.
You drop it automatically and the laser pistol burns a deeply
etched tracery of lines across your chest. The Enforcer's hand is
shaking with fear. Lose 16 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
slump back, unconscious, into your harness. When you awake
you are alone in the car except for the brain of Agent Leopard.
All of your weapons have been taken. There is a loud report
behind you. Turn to 5.

332
Your Winchester discharges with a loud bang and you hit the
Symbiont in the arm and he cries out in pain. Chameleon is
suddenly released from his Ego Whip and picks up his rifle.
Yelov fires at you and, instinctively, you dive for the cover of the
water trough. Chameleon's rifle makes two sharp reports. The
Symbiont is hit once in the stomach and then again in the chest
which sends him flying backward to lie sprawled in the sun, a
bloody mess, quite dead. Yelov curses and fires with deadly
accuracy and Chameleon is knocked over by a bullet, as if he'd
been hit by a sledgehammer. He lies in a pool of milky
translucent blood, groaning feebly, incapacitated. Yelov is
turning to you, but you have a chance to get a shot off at him
from your position behind the trough. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 308
If you score 7-12, turn to 316

333
Barbarossa is an anarchy world without Enforcers. It is a haven
for any criminal, sadist, bully or cheat who cares and dares to
make it his home. An offworlder, as they refer to new arrivals, is
always in danger, all the more so if he or she is an Enforcer.
Barbarossa is CYBERNET's stronghold from which the
tentacles of the underworld reach out to poison the galaxy.
You are smuggled out of the starport inside a large gas cylinder
from which you emerge into the slum of Smugglers Port. The
buildings are a bizarre mixture of crude and crumbling archaic

designs and occasional modern plasteel blocks funded by
CYBERNET blood money. You are on your guard but the street
you are in, Lasgun III, is deserted. Just as Chameleon is about to
change his form into one of the stout tripedal Barbarossi, the
ground gives way beneath you and sheets of spiked metal slam
shut on your stomach and back. The spikes move to meet each
other inexorably driven by an unseen engine. Lose 3 Endurance
points. Luckily Chameleon is able to transform himself into a
repnid and force the trap apart through sheer strength. The
horrifying form of the repnid shimmers and ripples and
Chameleon stands before you as a handsome Earther once
more. 'Designed to catch Earther Enforcers/he says, pointing at
the trap. You mutter your thanks and walk warily on. Turn to
369.

334
You take careful aim and pull the trigger. The superheated
plasma explodes into the jetcopter, vapourising the cockpit. It
falls out of the sky in flames, plummeting to the ground below.
You realise that it will almost certainly kill many civilians. A
Citpol jetcopter arrives on the scene. Moving closer it hovers a
few feet away from you and then lands on the hovcar park. A
blue and gold uniformed Enforcer alights and approaches you,
whilst another covers you with his las-rifle. 'Well done, well
done, you've managed to kill lots of nice people walking on the
first level pedway - let's see your ID,' he demands rudely. You
hand him your identity chip and he slips it into a wrist terminal.
His face falls as he realises who you are. 'Section Chief Falcon,
eh! Well, you are free to go, but we will be lodging an official
reprimand with the TIME Lords. We don't want you TIME boys
smashing the city up, do we?' With that he turns and departs.
You descend to a public holophone where you call a TIME police
security hovcar which soon drops you off at the High Security
Wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

Tell him that you think he is just a glory
hunter?
Turn to 343
Say that you think he is too dangerous to join
the TIME police and then probe his mind
using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 351

336
You surge up and vault the trough, running as fast as you can
for the sheds, jumping over the body of the Symbiont. You
reach them a few seconds later, safely. You dart into one and
take up a position by a shattered window, looking out at the
stable opposite. Yelov is not behind the stable corner anymore.
Your eye is drawn to a movement in the log cabin, behind the
water trough where you were moments ago. Yelov appears in
the doorway, his gun pointed at the trough, a malevolent grin
on his face. He hesitates in surprise when he sees that you are no
longer there. If you still have your Winchester rifle, turn to 384,
if not, turn to 392.

337
As you walk into the chamber which is in fact a small white
dome, your body is sluiced in jets of water. Next, there is a
spoken command to close your eyes, which you do, followed by
a flash that glows white even through your closed eyelids. When
you open them you see that the outer layer of your skin has
turned to a fine powdery white ash. You are sluiced once more
and then the dome begins to fill with gas which is intended to
sterilise your lungs. You detect the unpleasant smell of
ammonia. Will you:
Run back to the Siriun medtech to ask if there
is some mistake?
Turn to 347
Inhale lightly and wait for the signal to
proceed?
Turn to 357

338
335
The TIME executive must know that if CYBERNET realise the
crime potential of time travel they could tear the Federation
apart. I've had as much experience dealing with CYBERNET as
anyone. I've taken all the tests at the Academy, you've seen my
scores.' You decide to become a little more tough with him. Will
you:

Coin Helm, the Symbiont, looks at you, and his eyes seem clear
as if he experiences a moment of sanity. A look of longing comes
over him and he opens his mouth as if to speak. But then he
screams in pain, throwing his head back and dropping to his
knees, the hump on his back pulsing violently. Suddenly he leaps
up, snarling in fury, his eyes glazed. A blade gleams in his hand
and he hurls it at you. Surprised by his sudden attack you dodge

aside a trifle too slowly and it grazes your thigh. Lose 2 Endurance
points. If you still live, you realise he cannot be reasoned with as
the grip of the parasite is too strong. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Activate the humanoid hunter/seeker if you
have it?
Throw your spear?

Turn to 294
Turn to 306
Turn to 314
Turn to 326

Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

339
As you tread warily together down Lasgun III Street, the din of
the air traffic which drones above the city and the hot humid air
is oppressive. The dust makes your eyes smart when whipped
up by a sudden oil-tainted gust of wind. There is a creaking and
grinding and the plasmetal street tips up> suddenly throwing
you through a revolving wall into a dark room which reeks of
narcotics. 'Welcome to the "Surprised Visitor",' shouts a gruff
voice and there is a chorus of chirrupping, flute-like tittering
and belly laughs like those of giants amid many other unusual
sounds of mirth. The 'Surprised Visitor' is a narc-bar, where the
decadent dropouts of many races meet to take smuggled mindchanging drugs. As you look through the drug smoke you can
see perhaps seven different species: Siriuns, Hivers, Earthers, a
huge Bequal wrapped in wet silk, a group of Clyss insectoids,
native Barbarossi and, walking towards you, three Phocians
armed with ultralasers! Turn to 379.

340
You draw your blaster and unleash a stream of superheated
plasma at the iron-grille upon which the Thaccoid is standing. It
explodes with a white flash, droplets of molten metal sizzling
and popping everywhere. There is a great lurch and the grille
slips down. The Thaccoid struggles to keep its balance but its
weight is too much for the semi-vapourised grille. There is a
loud crack and the Thaccoid disappears from sight. There is a
strange whistling, rushing noise, a wet slapping sound and then,
a few seconds later, a series of loud reverberating crashes as the
iron grillework hits the Engineering Deck far below. You run up
to the gaping hole and carefully look down. Your eyes widen in
surprise and shock at the sight that greets you. The Thaccoid
has launched a thick strand of glistening web-like thread which

has adhered to the floor of B Deck. Even now it is climbing back
up the thread towards you with frightening speed, its black eyes
glinting eerily as the greenish light from the corridor penetrates
the darkness of the Engineering Deck. Will you:
Fire your blaster at the strand of web the
Thaccoid clings to?
Fire directly at the Thaccoid?

Turn to 124
Turn to 112

341
As soon as Chameleon opens the door and waddles into the
warehouse, the two Siriuns and the CYBERNET operatives are
instantly alert, drawing their weapons. The Symbiont smiles
and says in an unnatural, tired voice, 'Ah, food.' Chameleon
suddenly clutches his three arms to his face. There is a frown of
intense concentration on the Symbiont's face and Sparrowhawk
is looking at him with ill-concealed revulsion. Squirrel tries to
interfere with the Symbiont's emotions but immediately falls to
the floor screaming as she is assailed by the Ego Whip. She
blacks out, rigid with shock and you can see that you will have to
continue the mission without her. Will you:
Thinkstrike the Symbiont?
Run in and open fire on the two nearest,
Sparrowhawk and Dark Star?

Turn to 177
Turn to 355

342
A faint sound reaches your ears from the direction of the log
cabin. You spin round in time to see Yelov appear in its doorway,
a malevolent grin on his face. You have a split second in which to
act. Will you:
Leap up and hurl yourself to the other side of
the trough?
Turn to 360
Try and fire your Peacemaker before he fires at
Turn to 366
you?

343
The Bounty Hunter rises to his feet with pantherish grace. 'You
can take glory hunting to the stars, I'm a Bounty Hunter, not
some lackey of a hyped-up Enforcer!' With that he is gone, the
hissing of the closing doors shutting off his back view before
you can even think of a rejoinder. Turn to 401.

344
You try to sweep the incoming missile aside with your shield,
but you have misjudged its speed - it slams into your midriff,
bowling you over. It punctures your breastplate, but this does
serve to lessen its impact and the spearhead does not bite too
deep. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are still alive, it dislodges itself
from your abdomen as you hit the ground. You roll to your feet,
as the Symbiont laughs at the blood spreading from your
wound. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 294
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Turn to 306
Throw your spear?
Turn to 326
Shout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once
were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from Hel.7
Turn to 338
Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

345
A portly three-legged Barbarossi waddles out of the narc-bar.
Suddenly Cobra is sprinting through the mixed throng
shouting, Tane Gamil! There must be a thousand megacreds on
his head. He saw me, boss. I'm no use to you now until I've
bagged him.' You lash out a Thinkstrike at the insubordinate
Cobra but he is immune to your mental attacks and there is
nothing you can do to stop him leaving the narc-bar without
calling unwelcome attention to Chameleon and yourself. For
the present you will have to carry on without him. You retire to
a dark alcove to take stock. Turn to 221.

346
With a flick of your wrist you fire the laser into its mouth. A thin
streak of ruby light disappears into the maw and there is a
muted crackle. The Thaccoid leaps back away from you in pain,
its mouthparts threshing wildly, as it utters a shriek of agony
and rage. Instantly you are on your feet. In a second or two it
will have recovered from the small but painful wound. Will you:
Draw your blaster and fire at it?
Turn
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn
Thinkstrike it?
Turn

to 278
to 340
to 318
to 290

Try to control it using your Power of Will?
Turn to 132
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one? Turn to 300
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have either
the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?
Turn to 310
Do not choose an option you have already tried.

347
You bolt out of the sterilisation dome like a scared rabbit and the
Siriun medtech looks up enquiringly. 'Is something the matter?'
she asks. You explain that you thought you smelt ammonia and
that this is harmful to humans. She clicks her tongue
reprovingly and tells you not to be so silly. 'I am well aware
which gases are noxious to Earther stock. Have you taken your
pills?' You reply that you have. Will you:
Turn to 367
Enter the dome once more?
Wait for half an hour while the gas cylinders
Turn to 377
are checked?

348
You have only a second in which to aim and your shot blows the
hat off his head. He fires his Winchester in return and the bullet
smashes into your head, lodging in the brain, killing you
instantly.

349
As you tread warily together down Lasgun III Street, the din of
the air traffic which drones above the city and the hot humid air
is oppressive. The dust makes your eyes smart when whipped
up by a sudden oil-tainted gust of wind. There is a creaking and
grinding and the plasmetal street tips up suddenly throwing you
through a revolving wall into a dark room which reeks of
narcotics. 'Welcome to the "Surprised Visitor",' shouts a gruff
voice and there is a chorus of chirrupping, flute-like tittering
and belly laughs like those of giants amid many other unusual
sounds of mirth. The 'Surprised Visitor' is a narc-bar, where the
decadent dropouts of many races meet to take smuggled mindchanging drugs. As you look through the drug smoke you can
see perhaps seven different species: Siriuns, Hivers, Earthers, a
huge Bequal wrapped in wet silk, a group of Clyss insectoids,
native Barbarossi and, walking towards you, three Phocians
armed with ultralasers! Turn to 385.

350
You drop into a crouch and a laser lances into the wall behind
you. A movement attracts your eye. At the bottom of the stairs
stands a figure in plain office clothes, except he wears a mask
over his face. In his hands is a portable laser cannon, a power
pack strapped to his back. He points it at you. Suddenly there is a
blinding flash and a deafening explosion. You are lifted into the
air and hurled into the hovcar park, where you lie, stunned. Lose
12 Endurance points. If you are still alive you shake your head to
clear it, realising you make an easy target for the sniper in the
commtower. You roll to your feet and dive for the cover of a
parked hovcar. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 382
If you score 7-12, turn to 370

351
'Maybe I am too dangerous,' the Bounty Hunter is thinking, 'but
I'd like the chance to show my mettle in the TIME police.' His
mind is curiously clear and unencumbered - he is possessed of a
startling quickness of thought and is not troubled by moral or
social niceties. Even he does not know how he would react under
certain circumstances as a Special Agent of TIME, but he doesn't
respond aggressively to your thought probe. You are thinking
that the interview is over when he rises to his feet with
pantherish grace and is gone, the hissing doors shutting off his
back view before you can thank him for attending the interview.
Turn to 401.

352
You draw and fire your blaster in one swift motion, grimacing
against the pain of its claws. A stream of superheated plasma
takes it full in the body. There is a high-pitched scream of agony
and the Thaccoid hops backward, but it is careful not to release
its grip upon you. Incredibly it remains essentially unhurt. Your
jaw drops in astonishment but the Thaccoid whips the web over
and it slaps into you. Instantly you are stuck fast in its gluey
embrace. You thresh wildly but it only serves to enmesh you
further. The Thaccoid spins the net around, bundling you up in
the web, cocooning you. You can do nothing as it draws you to
its mouth and begins to eat you alive.

353
Soon you are dressed in typical clothes of the period - high,

narrow leather boots with pronounced heels, simple trousers
and a cotton shirt and leather waistcoat. A hat rests on your
head, and you have a scarf. Around your waist is buckled a
leather belt lined with bullets. In a holster at your hip lies a Colt
.45 'Peacemaker', a revolver or 'six-gun'. In your left hand you
hold an 1873 Winchester repeating rifle with fifteen cartridges.
Moving the trigger guard lever down and back moves a fresh
shell into the chamber and ejects the old one. Chameleon is
dressed much as you are but the Bounty Hunter has foregone
the rifle in favour of two Peacemakers, one at each hip. You
decide to follow CAIN's advice and leave your 31st century
weapons behind.
'Ready?' you ask your agents and they both nod. You descend
from Falcon's Wing and walk across the parched earth towards
the town, three abreast. After a twenty minute walk, you enter
Tombstone along its dusty main street. Horse-drawn chuck
wagons and buggies drive past you and cowboys and welldressed gentlemen mill about on the boardwalks that line the
street. Wooden buildings, saloons, stables, stores and so on rise
up on either side. Billboards and signs add a little colour to the
drab-looking habitation. You are walking down the street
'listening' with your mind for signs of Yelov when a dishevelled
young boy runs up to you and says, 'Hey, are you the one they
call the Falcon?' Instantly alert the Bounty Hunter and
Chameleon look around, scanning the rooftops and shadowed
alleys as you nod your head, not looking at the boy but all
around. 'I got a message fer you then,' and he hands you a note
saying, The old Lucky Horseshoe ranch's outta town,
thatta way,' and he points at the far end of Tombstone. You take
the note. It is written in Galactic.
I know you're coming, Falcon. The Symbiont and I will be
waiting for you at the deserted Lucky Horseshoe ranch. Let us
finish this once and for all, for I am going to kill you.
Your Implacable Enemy
Yelov
You look up and the boy is still there, uncomfortably shifting
from foot to foot. After a minute's silence he says,' The man
with the long hair and funny face said you'd give me a silver
dollar, mister.' Reluctantly, you take one of the coins CAIN
gave you and pass it to the boy. Without a word he snatches it
and scampers gleefully away. Turn to 90.

354
Your bullet blows the hat off Yelov's head. Unruffled he spins
round, spots you, lifts his gun and fires, all in one fluid motion.
The bullet slams into your chest and you fall back into the debris
of the shed, barely alive. Yelov walks up to you and you can hear
him speak as if from a great distance.
'You don't know how long I've waited for this, Falcon. I'm sure
you won't feel your life has been wasted when you know how
much pleasure its ending has given another sentient being,' and
he laughs gleefully. He puts his pistol to your head and blows
your brains out.

355
As soon as you burst into the warehouse Dark Star and
Sparrowhawk's weapons spit bolts of plasma before you can
even fire. You tumble to the floor and another bolt tears
through from your back to your stomach. Yelov is free to hold
history to ransom. None of the TIME police can stop him now.

356
As the spear hurtles towards you, you sweep it aside with your
shield and it drops harmlessly to the earth. The Symbiont glares
at you and laughs in a manner that leads you to wonder about
his sanity. Do you:
Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 294
Try to control him with Power of Will?
Turn to 306
Throw your spear?
Turn to 326
Shout 'Coin Helm, remember what you once
were. Let me help you, we can both fight this
parasite from Hel.'?
Turn to 338
Only choose an option that you have not chosen before.

357
You inhale and your breath catches as ammonia floods your
lungs. You double up in pain and cough spasmodically. Will you:
Try to stumble out of the exit door of the
dome?
Turn to 387
Thinkstrike blindly at whoever is operating the
gas valve?
Turn to 397
Use your Power of Will on the Siriun medtech?Turn to 407

358
Your aim is perfect and you hit the Symbiont right between the
eyes. He hangs motionless for a second and then topples
backwards, lifeless. Yelov is nowhere to be seen as you duck
back behind the trough. Will you:
Leap up and dash for the sheds opposite the
stable?
Stay where you are?

range it has little effect. Make an Evasion Roll as you strive to
maintain your advantage over it and keep the 'Indigo Swarm'
piloted by the Insectoid Clyss between your attacker and the
Silver Dart.
If you score 7-12, turn to 371
If you score 2-6, turn to 131

Turn to 336
Turn to 342

359
As you tread warily together down Lasgun HI Street, the din of
the air traffic which drones above the city and the hot humid air
is oppressive. The dust makes your eyes smart when whipped
up by a sudden oil-tainted gust of wind. There is a creaking and
grinding and the plasmetal street tips up suddenly throwing you
through a revolving wall into a dark room which reeks of
narcotics. 'Welcome to the "Surprised Visitor",' shouts a gruff
voice and there is a chorus of chirrupping, flute-like tittering
and belly laughs like those of giants amid many other unusual
sounds of mirth. The 'Surprised Visitor' is a narc-bar, where the
decadent dropouts of many races meet to take smuggled mindchanging drugs. As you look through the drug smoke you can
see perhaps seven different species: Siriuns, Hivers, Earthers, a
huge Bequal wrapped in wet silk, a group of Clyss insectoids,
native Barbarossi and, walking towards you, three Phocians
armed with ultralasers! Turn to 395.

360
You jump up and leap but Yelov opens fire and hits you twice in
mid air and you collapse in a heap on the other side of the
trough, barely alive. Yelov walks up to you and you can hear him
speak as if from a great distance. 'You don't know how long I've
waited for this, Falcon. I'm sure you won't feel your life has been
wasted when you know how much pleasure its ending has given
another sentient being,' and he laughs gleefully. He puts his
pistol to your head and blows your brains out.

361
You lose speed and drop back as the other racers steal your wind
but are soon floating serenely along in fourth place as Singleship
Sly's racer is consumed by a flaming comet from the surface of
Sirius. Suddenly, from a black racer behind you a military laser is
winking on and off trying to slice your sail into two but at this

362
A las-beam cuts through the top of your shoulder before
disappearing into the concrete behind you, as you drop to the
floor. Lose 2 Endurance points. A movement attracts your eye. At
the bottom of the stairs stands a figure in plain office clothes,
except he wears a mask over his face. In his hands is a portable
laser cannon, a power pack strapped to his back. He points it at
you. Suddenly there is a blinding flash and a deafening
explosion. You are lifted into the air and hurled into the hovcar
park, where you lie, stunned. Lose 12 Endurance points. If you still
live you shake your head to clear it, realising you make an easy
target for the sniper in the commtower. You roll to your feet
and dive for the cover of a parked hovcar. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 382
If you score 7-12, turn to 370

363
When you inform Yellowblades of your decision to make him a
member of the TIME police, he steps forward, beaming, and
gently shakes your hand. 'I shall try to be worthy of your
esteem, Falcon,' he booms. You tell the Rigellian that he should
present himself at the Hall of Honours on the stroke of fifteen.
He salutes and leaves you to make the necessary preparations
for the graduation ceremony. Turn to 393.

364
[Score an X]
You drop to the floor and the claws clash together above your
head. In an instant you are standing again, ready to attack once
more. Will you:
Fire at the grille it is standing on?
Turn to 340
Blast a hole in the bulkhead of the ship, opening
the B Deck up to space?
Turn to 318
Thinkstrike it?
Turn to 290

Try to control it using your Power of Will?
Turn
Hurl a CSX Gas Grenade, if you have one?
Turn
Launch a hunter/seeker at it, if you have
either the Reptilian or the Insectoid version?Turn
Run back down the corridor to the storage area
and try to hide in ambush?
Turn

to 290
to 300
to 310
to 328

Do not choose an option you have chosen before.

365
You wait outside in the disused hovrail tunnel as Chameleon
makes pitiful burbling noises before turning back into the form
of a human. The warehouse door opens and you are suddenly
face to face with Dark Star and Sparrowhawk, both armed with
blasters. If you are using ultralasers, turn to 145. Otherwise
make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 153
If you score 7-12, turn to 145

366
Yelov lifts his colt and aims but you are a split second quicker
than him. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 372
If you score 7-12, turn to 412

367
A door opens suddenly behind the medtech and a Siriun
wearing a black unisuit and holding a laser pistol bursts into the
room and takes aim at you. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Use your Power of Will on the medtech?

Turn to 81
Turn to 91

368
You are not quite quick enough and the missile slams into your
breastplate and detonates. The explosion rips a hole in it and
hurls you backward to land in a heap. Lose 10 Endurance points. If
you still live, the bronze breastplate has protected you from
instant death but your chest is blackened and painfully burnt.
With an effort of will you manage to stagger to your feet in time
to see the hump under the Symbiont's robe throbbing violently
- readying another Ego Whip attack. Will you:

Try and Thinkstrike only the mind of the
parasite?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 390
Turn to 396

369
As you tread warily together down Lasgun HI Street, the din of
the air traffic which drones above the city and the hot humid air
is oppressive. The dust makes your eyes smart when whipped
up by a sudden oil-tainted gust of wind. There is a creaking and
grinding and the plasmetal street tips up suddenly throwing you
through a revolving wall into a dark room which reeks of
narcotics. 'Welcome to the "Surprised Visitor",' shouts a gruff
voice and there is a chorus of chirrupping, flute-like tittering
and belly laughs like those of giants amid many other unusual
sounds of mirth. The 'Surprised Visitor' is a narc-bar, where the
decadent dropouts of many races meet to take smuggled mindchanging drugs. As you look through the drug smoke you can
see perhaps seven different species: Siriuns, Hivers, Earthers, a
huge Bequal wrapped in wet silk, a group of Clyss insectoids,
native Barbarossi and, walking towards you, three Phocians
armed with ultralasers! Turn to 405.

370
You reach the shelter of a bright orange and white hovcar
safely, a laser beam burning a hole in the ground where you had
been standing. The man in the tower fires again, sending bolts
of ruby light crashing into the hovcar and the concrete around
you, but he cannot reach you. Then the man with the laser
cannon vaults over the stairwell wall, pointing his laser cannon
at the hovcar. It will blow it off the hovcar park. Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Use your Power of Will to control him?

Turn to 398
Turn to 406

371
The repeated maneuvering tests your skill but you manage to
hide from the black and yellow craft by staying close to that of
the Clyss. Suddenly the black and yellow racer turns towards
deep space. Just when you are wondering whether its pilot,
probably Yelov, is going to be entombed, a fast-moving blip
appears on the deep radar display which docks with his racer. He
has been saved but you can't tell who has picked him up. You are
forced to continue the race or die so you move back on course.
Soon you have completed your orbit and sight the pale green

planet Sirius Secundus and accelerate away from the sun on the
wings of the solar wind. You are in radio contact once again and
can hear the Intelfax commentator's report on the race.
Singleship Sly has crashed into the sun and the commentator
assumes that the pilot of Yelov's craft is dead too. You finish in
fifth place, Pilota has won again and the Clyss, the Phocian and
Goldwing have also beaten you to the finish. The freighter
arrives to tow you in. Turn to 3.

372
The bullet from your gun blows the hat from the top of his head.
Yelov, completely unruffled, squeezes the trigger of his pistol
and shoots you neatly between the eyes, killing you instantly.

373
When you inform Sosquilla of your decision to make her a
member of the TIME police, her eyes widen, then she bows her
head and thanks you. You give the Ardann a few words of
encouragement and tell her to present herself at the Hall of
Honours on the stroke of fifteen. She bows again and then
leaves you to make the necessary preparations for the
graduation ceremony. Turn to 393.

374
You aim your Peacemaker as carefully as you can, while Yelov
looks uncertainly about. You squeeze the trigger and the pistol
bucks and roars. It takes him in the chest and he gives a
strangled cry of pain and slumps backwards into the cabin, his
pistol firing harmlessly into the sky. You can see his booted feet
protruding motionless from the doorway. Carefully, you
approach him, ready for any tricks, but he makes no move.
Looking down you can see that he is dead, you have shot him in
the heart. You can hardly believe your eyes as you look down at
his body. Finally, you have killed Yelov. The Federation will, at
last, be safe from his depredations. An enormous sense of relief
comes over you and you turn and walk out into the sun. You
notice a pulpy mass, a purplish blob of protoplasm, some feet
away from the body of the Symbiont. It is still and its outer edge
is cracked and dry. It is the parasite from Hel, having crawled
from its host body. It has dehydrated and died in the open sun.
You notice that Coin Helm's face is peaceful and calm in death as
it never was in life. You gather up the dead and wounded,
leaving no trace that this gunfight ever occurred and return to
the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD. Turn to 420.

375
You shoulder charge the door to the warehouse together and
run in blasting. If you are using ultralasers, turn to 171.
Otherwise, make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 171
If you score 2-5, turn to 153

376
As you hurtle out into space after the Thaccoid, you fire the
harpoon at the Ark. Its titanium head embeds itself in the ship's
outer casing. Chunks of metal float up and away. All around you
is the awesome blackness of space, a vast expanse of stars. The
Ark looms beside you, a huge bulky mass of gleaming steel,
travelling silently through the emptiness. Slowly you pull
yourself along the length of the plasteel hawser back to the
grappling hook in the side of the Ark. Soon you are back inside.
You have no way of retrieving the harpoon - cross it off your
Agent Profile. Several Maintenance Droids have arrived on the
scene and they begin to repair the damage. To them it is the
work of a meteor, you are not supposed to be there so you do not
exist as far as they are concerned and you are ignored. You move
towards the steel door and open it. Turn to 242.

377
You settle down to wait and are taken by surprise when a door
opens suddenly behind the medtech. A Siriun wearing a black
unisuit bursts into the room and shoots you in the side with a
laser pistol. Lose 10 Endurance points as you instinctively dive for
cover. If you are still alive, will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Use your Powers of Will on the medtech?

Turn to 81
Turn to 91

378
You have only just made it to the top of the stairs when there is a
blinding flash and a deafening explosion. You are lifted into the
air and hurled into the hovcar park, where you lie, stunned. Lose
12 Endurance points. You shake your head to clear it, realising you
make an easy target for the sniper in the commtower. You roll
to your feet and dive for the cover of a parked hovcar. Make an
Evasion Roll.

If you score 2-6, turn to 382
If you score 7-12, turn to 370

379
An unnatural hush falls in the narc-bar as the three armed
Phocians, sworn enemies of the Federation, walk over to you
menacingly. 'Newly arrived, Earther? A long way from your
nest, aren't you?' caws one in a rough imitation of Fedspeak.
Their hawk-like faces make them look chillingly cruel, but it is
not their beaks which you fear, but their ultralasers, deadly
weapons with which it is difficult to miss, the only drawback of
such weapons being that it is easy to catch one's friend in their
wide blast pattern. These Phocians are obviously space pirates,
well used to killing Earthers. Will you:
Yell Thinkstrike Chameleon!'?
Use your blaster?
Use your Power of Will on the Phocian who
spoke?

Turn to 291
Turn to 273
Turn to 263

380
Only just in time you get your shield in place and the missile
slams into it, detonating with a loud bang. You are thrown
backwards and your shield is blackened and fractured.
Regaining your balance, you notice the hump under the
Symbiont's robe throbbing violently - readying another Ego
Whip attack. Will you:
Try and Thinkstrike only the mind of the
parasite?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 390
Turn to 396

381
As soon as Chameleon opens the door and waddles into the
warehouse, the two Siriuns and the CYBERNET operatives are
instantly alert, drawing their weapons. The Symbiont smiles
and says in an unnatural, tired voice, 'Ah, food.' Chameleon
suddenly clutches his three arms to his face. There is a frown of
intense concentration on the Symbiont's face and Sparrowhawk
is looking at him with ill-concealed revulsion. Will you:
Thinkstrike the Symbiont?
Run in and open fire on the two nearest,
Sparrowhawk and Dark Star?

Turn to 177
Turn to 355

382
A lancing bolt of ruby light burns a chunk out of your calf before

you reach the shelter of a bright orange and white hovcar. Lose 5
Endurance points. If you still live the man in the tower fires again,
sending bolts of ruby light crashing into the hovcar and the
concrete around you, but he cannot reach you. Then the man
with the laser cannon vaults over the stairwell wall, pointing his
laser cannon at the hovcar. It will blow it off the hovcar park.
Will you:
Thinkstrike him?
Use your Power of Will to control him?

Turn to 398
Turn to 406

383
When you inform the Bounty Hunter of your decision to make
him a member of the TIME police he looks surprised. Then he
says, 'So you opted for a space-wise survivor. You won't regret
this.'
'I sincerely hope not!' you reply and tell him to present himself at
the Hall of Honours on the stroke of fifteen. He nods and leaves
you to make the necessary preparations for the graduation
ceremony. Turn to 393.

384
You aim the Winchester. You have several seconds to make sure
as Yelov looks uncertainly about. You squeeze the trigger and
the rifle bucks and roars. It takes him in the chest and he gives a
strangled cry of pain and slumps backwards into the cabin, his
pistol firing harmlessly into the sky. You can see his booted feet
protruding motionless from the doorway. Carefully, you
approach him, ready for any tricks, but he makes no move.
Looking down you can see that he is dead, you have shot him in
the heart. You can hardly believe your eyes as you look down at
his body. Finally, you have killed Yelov, The Federation will, at
last, be safe from his depredations. An enormous sense of relief
comes over you and you turn and walk out into the sun. You
notice a pulpy mess, a purplish blob of protoplasm some feet
away from the body of the Symbiont. It is still and its outer edge
is cracked and dry. It is the parasite from Hel, having crawled
from its host body. It has dehydrated and died in the open sun.
You notice that Coin Helm's face is peaceful and calm in death as
it never was in life. You gather up the dead and wounded,
leaving no trace that this gunfight ever occurred and return to
the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD. Turn to 420.

385
An unnatural hush falls in the narc-bar as the three armed
Phocians, sworn enemies of the Federation, walk over to you
menacingly. 'Newly arrived, Earther? A long way from your
nest, aren't you?' caws one in a rough imitation of Fedspeak.
Their hawk-like faces make them look chillingly cruel, but it is
not their beaks which you fear, but their ultralasers, deadly
weapons with which it is difficult to miss, the only drawback of
such weapons being that it is easy to catch one's friend in their
wide blast pattern. These Phocians are obviously space pirates,
well used to killing Earthers. Suddenly Squirrel steps forward
and says, 'These two Earthers are my prizes, leave them alone,
they belong to me!'
The Phocian caws again, 'How does a small organism like" you
capture two prime of life Earthers? They are still armed!'
Its question is answered as he slumps suddenly to the floor,
Thinkstruck by Squirrel. 'Like that,' she says quietly. The
Phocian pirates pull their stricken comrade back out of your way
and you sit down to confer in a dark alcove. Turn to 191.

hovpark when there is a blinding flash and a deafening
explosion. You are lifted into the air and hurled into the hovcar
park, where you lie, stunned. Lose 6 Endurance points. You shake
your head to clear it, realising you make an easy target for the
sniper in the commtower. You roll to your feet and dive for the
cover of a parked hovcar. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 382
If you score 7-12, turn to 370

389
Studying the deep radar display you realise that you are close to
three other ships that have picked up sails, not far behind the
three who are leading the race. Two others have been forced to
turn towards the second line of sails. Now that you have a sail
with which to fly around the sun, you must concentrate on
orbiting it without being engulfed in a solar flare, at the same
time staying close enough to the sun so that the orbit is
completed before your neutron shields overload.

386
You, too, hurtle out into space, through the mass of the
Thaccoid's remains that are spiralling out into space. Your
environment suit protects you from instant death, but you can
do nothing as you tumble slowly through the awesome
blackness of space, surrounded by a great expanse of stars. It is
the last view you will ever have for you are travelling away from
the Ark without the means to return and your oxygen will run
out in a matter of hours.

387
You grope your way, eyes smarting, to the exit of the
sterilisation dome, but a synthesized voice drones: 'Sterilisation
procedure incomplete. Exit denied,' and the door will not budge.
You are trapped. Will you:

Sirius

Thinkstrike blindly at whoever is operating the
gas valve?
Turn to 397
Use your Power of Will on the Siriun medtech? Turn to 407

388
You rush up the stairs and are half way over the wall to the

The Computer has projected three possible courses onto the
radar display. Which course will you take:

Course A, within 5,000 miles of the sun's
surface?
Turn to 103
Course B, 12,000 miles from the sun's surface? Turn to 95
Course C, 25,000 miles from the surface of the
red giant?
Turn to 83

390
You seek out the mental pattern that marks the mind of the
parasite and hurl a blast of psychic energy at it. The Symbiont
staggers back and screams as the mound on his back seems to
sag, pulsing more slowly than usual. Instantly, the Symbiont
turns and runs towards the hills where your Time Machine lies.
Looking around you can see that the battle still rages around the
Achaean ramparts - indeed it looks as though the Trojans have
breached one of its gates. A charioteer passes by with a single
occupant. Will you:
Chase after the Symbiont on foot?
Turn to 410
Try and control the mind of the charioteer,
using Powers of Will and ride with him after
the Symbiont?
Turn to 400

391
You peer through a gelquartz window which distorts the inside
of the warehouse to make things appear nearer, as if you were
looking into a goldfish bowl. You can hear no sound through the
warehouse door, but one glance confirms that you have found
your quarry. Yelov is working on his Time Machine. The
Symbiont is helping him and Dark Star is talking to
Sparrowhawk. These two are sitting on hovercouches halfway
between you and the Time Machine. No-one has noticed you,
but your quarry are all armed. A poor Barbarossi lies quivering
helplessly on the ground behind the Time Machine. Will you:
Order Chameleon to open the door and walk in,
pretending he is a local Barbarossi?
Turn
Burst the door down together after Chameleon
has reverted to human form?
Turn
Tell Chameleon to mimic a Barbarossi's death
call and see if they come out to investigate? Turn
Order Sosquilla to walk in and use her emotion
increasing powers?
Turn

to 341
to 289
to 279
to 255

392
You aim the Peacemaker at him and squeeze the trigger. Make
an Attack Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 354
If you score 7-12, turn to 374

393
Whilst the graduation ceremony is taking place you steal a few
minutes to walk to the Rec Centre and watch the preview of the
next Solar Racer Grand Prix about to take place around the red
giant sun, Sirius. You are familiar with the principles behind
tacking against and running before the solar wind, but you
would not relish the thought of taking part in so dangerous a
sport. The punters are tipping the Lord of TIME, Pilota of
Lastlanding, to successfully defend her championship but you
cannot help feeling that she is irresponsible to subject herself to
such danger when her responsibilities as a Lord of TIME are so
great. You decide to tear yourself away from the preview and
return to duty. Turn to 100.

such weapons being that it is easy to catch one's friend in their
wide blast pattern. These Phocians are obviously space pirates,
well used to killing Earthers. As soon as he became aware of his
surroundings, Blade had moved away from you and now he
advances on the Phocians, weapon drawn. 'Our bodyguard,'
says Chameleon, pointing to the mighty Rigellian. The Phocians
can see the battle-light in his eyes and they turn away, but not
before one of them comments disparagingly, 'Pumped up blueskinned Earther.' Blade appears to take the insult of being called
an Earther lightly and you sit down to confer in a dark alcove.
Turn to 183.

396
You are a second too slow and as you are about to fire your
blaster the Symbiont's Ego Whip assaults your mind again. A
level of anguish you have never before experienced lashes your
brain and you reel back under the onslaught. You are unable to
defend yourself as the Symbiont fires another explosive missile
at you. This time it hits your head, leaving it a blackened ruin
and killing you instantly.

394

397

You aim and activate the hunter/seeker and toss it into the air.
Cross it off your Agent Profile. It hovers for a moment,
orientating itself on the Thaccoid and then, with a whirring
hum, streaks towards it, slamming into its body sac with a wet
slap. The Thaccoid hops back, rearing up on its back legs,
threshing at the air in obvious pain. Then it begins to scream
loudly, a high pitched bubbling sound. Its legs give way and it
falls to the ground, twitching horribly. Soon it is still.
Suppressing the revulsion you feel at the sight of it, you
examine it. It is dead. The reptilian knockout drug has reacted
violently with its alien metabolism and has killed it within
seconds! Thankful for your good fortune, you skirt its bloated
body and open the steel door. Turn to 242.

There is the thump of a falling body outside the dome. You have
stunned the gas valve operator, but the valve is still open and the
burning ammonia begins to corrode your flesh as it continues to
pour into the dome. Lose 5 Endurance points. You decide to attempt
to leave the dome by the door you entered to face the Sirius
medtech. As you burst out of the dome she spins towards you, a
startled look on her face. Turn to 367.

395
An unnatural hush falls in the narc-bar as the three armed
Phocians, sworn enemies of the Federation, walk over to you
menacingly. 'Newly arrived, Earther? A long way from your
nest, aren't you?' caws one in a rough imitation of Fedspeak.
Their hawk-like faces make them look chillingly cruel, but it is
not their beaks which you fear, but their ultralasers, deadly
weapons with which it is difficult to miss, the only drawback of

398
You hurl a blast of mental energy at the cannon-carrying man.
Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 16
If you score 7-12, turn to 28

399
You peer through a gelquartz window which distorts the inside
of the warehouse to make thing appear nearer, as if you were
looking into a goldfish bowl. You can hear no sound through the
warehouse door, but one glance confirms that you have found
your quarry. Yelov is loading polybdenum rods into his Time
Machine. The Symbiont is helping him and Dark Star is talking

to Sparrowhawk. These two are sitting on hover couches half
way between you and the Time Machine. No-one has noticed,
you, but your quarry are all armed. A poor Barbarossi lies
quivering helplessly on the ground behind the Time Machine.
Will you:
Order Chameleon to open the door and walk
in, pretending he is a Barbarossi?
Turn to 381
Burst the door down together after Chameleon
has reverted to human form?
Turn to 375
Tell Chameleon to mimic a Barbarossi's death
call and see if they come out to investigate? Turn to 365

400
You reach out and seize control of the unsuspecting Trojan
charioteer with relative ease. You force him to come to where
you stand and you jump in. The charioteer whips the horses and
they surge forward. You are almost wrenched out of the chariot
but you manage to grab the wicker-work railing. The chariot
hurtles after the Symbiont, who seems to be running
inhumanely fast. Perhaps the parasite infuses him with some
chemical that improves his muscle efficiency. The chariot is
bouncing along like a mad thing and it is all you can do to stay in
the car. The charioteer seems unaffected, however, subtly
shifting his weight to cope with the rough ride, his eyes staring
ahead listlessly, his mind under your domination. Slowly you
are gaining on the Symbiont, who looks over his shoulder at you
continuously. You are almost upon him when you notice his
back heave and pulse - the parasite has recovered from your
mental attack. You sense the Ego Whip in action. Suddenly your
driver throws his arms to his head and rocks back, howling in
agony. Seconds later, he topples from the speeding chariot to hit
the ground, rolling to a stop, where he lies inert. The chariot,
driverless, begins to veer off. Quickly, you pick up the reins but
you have absolutely no training in this area. Suddenly a wheel
strikes a rock lifting you from your already precarious position
into the air. You try to roll with the fall as you plummet to the
ground. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 2
If you score 7-12, turn to 12

401
Now that you have interviewed the three candidates you must

make your choice. If you wish to consult a computer to examine
their files, note down this paragraph number then turn to 53.
Remember to return to this paragraph when you have finished with the files.
When you have all the information you need and are ready to
make your choice, turn to 411.

402
You aim and activate the hunter/seeker and toss it into the air.
Cross it off your Agent Profile. It hovers for a moment,
orientating itself on the Thaccoid and then, with a whirring
hum, streaks towards it, slamming into its body sac with a wet
slap. The Thaccoid hops back, rearing up on its back legs,
threshing at the air in obvious pain. Then it drops to the ground
and backs up. Then to your surprise it bounds forward and
whips its two clawed front legs at you, trying to grab you again.
It is obviously not seriously affected by the drug and you must
try to avoid its attack, as you curse the research technicians of
the weptech Section. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-5, turn to 256
If you score 6-12, turn to 264

403
You follow in Singleship Sly's wake, chasing him for the lead,
the other racers strung out behind you, when a cloud of fiery
matter erupts from the sun. As it cools it coalesces into small
comets which shoot towards your ship. Miraculously you are
not hurt, but Singleship Sly's racer breaks up in front of you.
You struggle to turn the ponderous lightsail before you crash
into its remains. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 293
If you score 2-5, turn to 283

404
As the battle rages on, your Psychic Awareness tells you
someone is nearby and you pick up the thought waves of a kind
of double mind, a human mind tainted in some way. Spinning
round you see a man staring at you fixedly. He is dressed as a
Trojan warrior with spear and shield except he has a long white
robe, humped at the shoulders as if he had a backpack strapped
to them. You recognise the Symbiont from the CYBERNET
files. It is he who has come to Troy. Yelov must have taught him,

and the parasite, how to use a Time Machine. 'Section Chief,
Falcon, himself/ he says, but it seems hard for him to speak. 'I we - are honoured that you have come in person/ he goes on
sarcastically, through clenched teeth. Then the hump under his
robe seems to pulsate and his brow furrows in concentration. A
mental wave, a kind of whip-like Thinkstrike hits you and
intense pain seizes your mind, rising to a crescendo of agony.
Desperately you try to fight the mental assault. Make a Power
of Will Roll as you try to deflect the psychic attack with your
own mind.
If you score 2-6, turn to 30
If you score 7-12, turn to 260

405
An 'unnatural hush falls in the narc-bar as the three armed
Phocians, sworn enemies of the Federation, walk over to you
menacingly. 'Newly arrived, Earther? A long way from your
nest, aren't you?' caws one in a rough imitation of Fedspeak.
Their hawk-like faces make them look chillingly cruel, but it is
not their beaks which you fear, but their ultralasers, deadly
weapons with which it is difficult to miss, the only drawback of
such weapons being that it is easy to catch one's friend in their
wide blast pattern. These Phocians are obviously space pirates,
well used to killing Earthers. Will you:
Yell Thinkstrike Chameleon!'?
Use your blaster?
Use your Power of Will on the Phocian who
spoke?

Turn to 307
Turn to 315
Turn to 329

406
The man has a weak mind, he is a low level CYBERNET thug
used to following others. You concentrate your will and seize
control of him. Just then a loud roar fills the air. Swooping low
over the hovcar park towards you is a plain, unmarked jetcopter,
which is illegal. At its side is mounted the vicious looking snub
turret of a pulse laser, also illegal of course. It almost certainly
belongs to CYBERNET. Only they would have the resources to
deploy such equipment. It opens fire, spitting pulses of energy,
strafing the hovcar park, the small explosions getting nearer
and nearer to you. Will you:

Force the man under your control to fire his
laser cannon at the jetcopter?
Turn to 416
Get into the orange and white hovcar and fly
away?
Turn to 6

407
The medtech's mind falls quickly under your control and you
force her to open the exit door of the sterilisation dome, before
staggering outside, tears streaming from your smarting eyes.
You can tell that she is entirely innocent and intended you no
harm. She supposes that the dome had been set up to receive
one of the Clyss insectoids by mistake. You decide to waste no
time in getting onto Yelov's trail. Turn to 251.

408
You are not quick enough and its fangs rip through your suit
and into your body, injecting deadly venom. You scream in pain
as it courses through your body. Seconds later you go
completely rigid, paralysed. You can do nothing as it feeds off
you, devouring you alive. You go insane before, mercifully,
death takes you.

409
As soon as you leave the narc-bar Chameleon transforms
himself into a Barbarossi, capering comically on three short fat
legs. Mindful that you have already fallen foul of two traps,
including that which tipped you into the narc-bar, you tread
carefully on your way to Subway Alpha VI where Yelov's hideout lies. The streets are almost deserted, but the heavy air is still
thick with the droning of jetcars and 'copters. You tell
Chameleon and Blade not to use any of their powers of the mind
until you give the command to attack, lest Yelov senses your
approach. A feral battle-light glints in the Rigellian's eye. After
no more than five minutes' walk you enter the tunnel of a
disused subterranean hovrail which leads to the back of the
warehouse. Turn to 271.

410
You run after him, but the Symbiont is fast - superhumanly so
Perhaps the parasite releases some chemical into Coin Helm
that improves the efficiency of his muscles. In any event, he is
rapidly outstripping you. He runs up into the hills until he comes
to a Time Machine you recognise as Yelov's stolen model A3
The Symbiont has not even bothered to disguise it with a

hologram. You follow, gasping for breath, having run at full pelt
for some time. You can do nothing as the Symbiont
dematerialises, bound for some other timehole. Despondent at
his escape, you return to Falcon's Wing. It looks like the
Symbiont's excursion to Troy had no real purpose - probably a
diversion you think, and you hurry to return to your office. You
set co-ordinates for the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD and soon you are
tumbling through the grey nothingness of null-space, bound for
home. You may rest in your Autodoc during your journey and
regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 130.

411
The fate of the Federation may hang on your choice. Which
candidate will you invite to join the TIME police:
Yellowblades, the Rigellian?
Sosquilla, the Ardann?
The Bounty Hunter?

Turn to 363
Turn to 373
Turn to 383

412
You squeeze the trigger and the bullet flies from your
Peacemaker with a thunderous crack, just as Yelov is about to
fire. It takes him in the chest and he gives a strangled cry of pain
and slumps backwards into the cabin, his pistol firing harmlessly
into the sky. You can see his booted feet protruding motionless
from the doorway. Carefully, you approach him, ready for any
tricks, but he makes no move. Looking down you can see that he
is dead, you have shot him in the heart. You can hardly believe
your eyes as you look down at his body. Finally, you have killed
Yelov. The Federation will, at last, be safe from his depredations.
An enormous sense of relief comes over you and you turn and
walk out into the sun. You notice a pulpy mass, a purplish blob
of protoplasm, some feet away from the body of the Symbiont.
It is still and its outer edge is cracked and dry. It is the parasite
from Hel, having crawled from its host body. It has dehydrated
and died in the open sun. You notice that Coin Helm's face is
peaceful and calm in death as it never was in life. You gather up
the dead and wounded, leaving no trace that this gunfight ever
occurred and return to the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD. Turn to 420.

413
The angle of your course becomes ever more critical as you
approach the end of your orbit of Sirius and three other racers
are moving in close to crowd you: Pilota's blue and white racer,

the golden discus of the Phocian, Goldwing and the Indigo racer
of the insectoid Clyss. Will you:
Continue to jockey for position as they take the
solar wind out of your sails by racing
between you and the sun?
Turn to 361
Fly higher and let them through?
Turn to 259

414
The Trojan warriors are shouting 'Hector, Hector,' and a group
of men come running to the right to reinforce this flank. At
their head in a chariot is a large and burly man, with a
magnificent horsehair crest, Hector, the warrior leader and son
of King Priam. He leaps from his chariot challenging Diomedes.
Hector eagerly rushes in, outstripping his men, but Diomedes
waits calmly, hefting his spear and then hurls it at Hector.
Perfectly aimed, it strikes Hector on the head, but does not
penetrate his helmet. The burly warrior falls to one knee and,
completely dazed, he struggles up and staggers back to his own
men. Seeing Hector is not seriously hurt they rush forward to
engage the Achaeans. Hector leaves in his chariot, presumably
to rest for a little while. Then a figure steps out from behind a
tall stone pillar on the mound of Ilus. He is of slight build, with
rich and ornate armour and holds a bow and arrow. He takes
aim and looses the arrow, and it pins Diomedes' foot to the
ground, who cries out in pain and surprise. The archer laughs,
but Diomedes snaps off the arrow and shouts, 'Paris, you
cowardly archer, if you came down here to face me, you would
find your bow of little use. The blows of a coward and a weakling
such as you are the blows of a woman. Not such are my blows.'
Paris laughs again, but comes down from the mound and runs
on to another area of the battle. In any case, Diomedes' wound is
enough to force him to retire from the battle. You notice that
the battle is turning against the Greeks, they are being forced
back to their wooden ramparts. Hector, fully recovered now,
leads the Trojan assault, but a last-ditch defence focuses around
another large Achaean warrior who carries a great shield,
almost as large as he is, giving time for the Achaeans to fall back
in order. Turn to 404.

415
As soon as you leave the narc-bar Chameleon transforms
himself into a Barbarossi, capering comically on three short fat
legs. Mindful that you have already fallen foul of two traps,
including that which tipped you into the narc-bar, you tread

carefully on your way to Subway Alpha VI where Yelov's hideout lies. The streets are almost deserted, but the heavy air is still
thick with the droning of jetcars and 'copters. You tell
Chameleon not to use any of his powers of the mind until you
give the command to attack, lest Yelov senses your approach.
After no more than five minutes walk you enter the tunnel of a
disused subterranean hovrail which leads to the back of the
warehouse. Turn to 399.

416
You force him to turn and fire the laser cannon. It is a direct hit
and the jetcopter erupts into a ball of incandescent flame, bits of
smouldering debris crashing to the hovpark. Then a Citpol
jetcopter siren wails nearby, the Enforcers have arrived.
Suddenly the man with the cannon throws up his arms and
collapses. He has been shot by the sniper in the Communication
Tower, presumably so he will not fall into your hands, or
because the sniper believed he had betrayed him. An Enforcer
jetcopter hurtles past, headed for the Communication Tower,
whilst another lands on the hovcar park. Two Enforcers in blue
and gold uniforms step out. They cover you with their lasguns.
'ID - come on, move!' shouts one rudely. You hand him your ID
chip and he inserts it into a wrist terminal. 'Ah, er, Section Chief
Falcon, eh? Well, what's been going on here, Sir?' he asks. You
tell him and he nods. 'We'll have to have a full report later.' With
that he steps back into the jetcopter and leaves, bathing you in
exhaust fumes. TIME is not popular with the Enforcers. Using a
public holophone, you call the TIME building and ask for a
security hovcar to come out and pick you up. Soon you are back
in the High Security Wing of the TIME building. Turn to 8.

417
The Silver Dart launches through space towards the second line
of sails and the deep radar display shows that all of the other
racers, with the exception of one, have docked with lightsails in
the first row and have turned towards the sun, now bearing a
two mile span of silver mesh with them, like space-faring
Portuguese Men O'War. The exception is just ahead of you, the
snub-nosed green racer of Greta Erikson, the navy pilot. You
watch as she uses her retros to slow her down and docks with
one of the sails. You manage to copy her and there is a grinding
and a jolt as the nose of your ship slides into place in the hub of
the sail, then you follow in Greta's wake, towards the great red
orb of the sun. Turn to 299.

418
[Score an X]
You twist aside, barely managing to fend off its fangs, which
crash into the gridded floor. It rears up to strike once again at its
trapped victim. If you have a mini-laser on your wrist, turn to
346. If not you can only try to avoid its fangs once again. Turn to
408.

419
You lose time as the Silver Dart sways majestically out of the
path of Lord Pilota's racer and out onto a higher orbit. You catch
sight of the Clyss insectoid's racer which floats along in her
wake as she corrects her course to fly the path that you would
have flown. By the time you are on your new course two other
racers have overtaken you and one of them seems to slacken
speed, dropping back towards you. As the racer drops back
towards you, you see it is black with red flames licking
backwards from its nose as if Sirius itself has kindled it. Will you:
Try to steer the Silver Dart so that the Indigo
racer of the insectoid Clyss comes between
you and the black one?
Turn to 371
Continue on your present course?
Turn to 131

420
A few days later, you are sitting in the Hall of Honours, in front
of the horseshoe-like desk behind which all the Lords of TIME
are gathered - Silvermane the Rigellian, Jobanque, Pilota and
R'lllk the Keladi, who floats in a large tank of sea water.
Jobanque says, 'I hope you have rested well, Falcon. You'll be
glad to hear all of your agents have recovered and are well and
that we've retrieved Yelov's model A3. Once again you have
exceeded our expectations. Without you the Federation would
be in ruins, there's no doubt of that. I'm afraid we simply do not
have any honours left to bestow on you - other than making
you a TIME Lord,' and he laughs, as if the idea were somehow
ridiculous. 'You are much more valuable in the Special Agent
Section. We could create another award just for you but that
seems a little indulgent. We can only offer you the heartfelt
thanks of all the Lords of TIME. Thank you Falcon.' He beckons
you over, and shakes your hand. 'Good work, the best agent,
and the best Section Chief I could ever hope to command,' he
says under his breath.

You move on to Lord Silvermane, who lays a massive hand on
your shoulder, and mumbles, 'A fine display of martial prowess,
Falcon. You would have made a good Rigellian, with a little meat
on your bones!' This is indeed a high compliment to receive from
a Rigellian.
Lord Pilota looks you up and down and says officiously, 'The
Government of Lastlanding extend their thanks to you in
recognition of your deeds,' and then she leans forward
conspiratorially and whispers, 'You were pretty good out there
at Sirius. We must have a solar race, just the two of us. I've an
excellent racer I'd like you to try.'
R'lllk the Keladi, a cross between a giant crayfish and a giant
squid bubbles nonsensically and your Universal Translator
renders it as, 'I am empowered to bestow on you the highest
honour a Keladi can bestow on a non-Keladi. You are
henceforth an honorary clan member of Kelados and entitled to
all the rights accruing to a clan member.' There is a short pause
and then, 'And expected to perform all those duties and
obligations a clan member is expected to perform.' You thank
him and decide you had better do some quick reading on Keladi
culture, to find out exactly what this entails.
The ceremony over, you hurry back to your office - you have
more important things to attend to, you tell yourself, such as
locating your old comrade and friend, Agent Bloodhound ...

SCORING FOR FALCON 4: LOST IN TIME
If you have played Falcon 4: Lost in Time and would like to rate
your skill as an Agent of TIME, here are the points equivalent
to the letters you should have recorded.
Q = -1 D = +1 K = +1 H = +1 P = -1 W = -1
Y = -1 L = +1 R = -1

If your score was:
-6 or below
You are offered a job you can't refuse - tying Silvermane's
bootlaces,
-2 to 0
Demoted to Cadet - 'Get back to the Academy, Falcon.'
1-3
Congratulations, you deserve your place in the Special Agent
Section.
4-5
Well done, a highly competent performance - your hologram
has gone up in the Hall of Fame.
6-8

You're the best agent TIME has ever had - you're on line for
promotion.
9+
As long as you are alive, Earth is safe.

