Also by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson in Sphere Books:
FALCON 1: T H E R E N E G A D E LORD
FALCON 2: M E C H A N O N
FALCON 3: THE RACK OF BAAL
FALCON 4: LOST IN TIME
FALCON 5: THE DYING SUN

Falcon 6:
At The End of Time
MARK SMITH AND JAMIE THOMSON

Scanned and compiled by Underdogs
Home of the Underdogs
http://www.the-underdogs.org/

SPHERE BOOKS LIMITED
London and Sydney

EARTH 3034 AD

First published in Great Britain by
Sphere Books Ltd 1986
30 32 Gray's Inn Road, London WCIX 8JL
Copyright © 1986 by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson
Illustrations by Geoff Senior and Nic Weeks

TRADE
MARK

This book is sold subject to the condition that
it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent,
re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without
the publisher's prior consent in any form of
binding or cover other than that in which it is
published and without a similar condition
including this condition being imposed on the
subsequent purchaser.
Set in Andover
Printed and bound in Great Britain by
Collins. Glasgow

A third of the land's surface is populated with cities which
stretch miles up towards the Ionosphere and are also tunnelled
deep into the Earth's crust.
The world is united - war within the atmosphere of a single
planet can only lead to total destruction. Government is carried
out by Executives, each having full powers within a certain area.
The Food, Health, Pleasure and Enforcement Executives are
centred in Alpolis, a city covering what was once an independent
country - Switzerland - and it is here that the most recent
Executive, TIME, exists.
People live for fun, not to work. Most tasks are performed by
robots, so life is quite easy. Only 10% of the population still
works, and then only for fun or out of a sense of social duty.
Food is plentiful, the main source being a fungus grown in huge
vats under artificial light. Luxury foods, such as meat, are a
rarity. Communications have improved so as to transform
society: holophones connect all homes across the Space
Federation so it is possible to be in direct contact with many alien
species light years across space. Travel on Earth is done by
hovrail, jetcopter or stratocruiser, so that the longest journey
need take no more than an hour.
The average Earther lives for two hundred and fifty years and
the ageing process only begins during the last fifty years of life.
Life-prolonging drugs, called Anagathics, are freely available,
and transplant surgery is now a simple operation. Unfortunately, because people live longer, there are many
problems. There is overcrowding and very little to do which has
resulted in a rapid increase in violent crime. With so many
people needing new hearts, lungs and other organs there is a
shortage of spare parts for use in transplant surgery, so the
Enforcement Executive has passed a Termination Code. AH
violent crimes are punishable by painless death. The Enforcement Executive has had sensors set up to catch criminals,

especially Bodybrokers who deal illegally in organs for surgery.
If Energy Weapons are used by criminals, for instance, a police
jetcopter will be there in seconds.
Earth, using Hyperdrive, faster-than-light travel, has established itself as head of the Space Federation, which includes all
the earth colonies and alien planets. The Navy patrols the
colonies: Lastlanding, Proxima Centauri, Ascension and so on,
as well as the alien worlds: Kelados, Sundew, Dyskra, Clyss,
Rigel Prime, the Hive and others. Contact with alien life forms is
commonplace and the colony ships of the twenty-fourth
century are still approaching the centre of the galaxy.
How to Travel in Time
Travel through time involves crossing a fourth dimension/nullspace' or the 'Void' as it is known. This dimension joins all points
in time and space from the beginning of the universe to its end.
Imagine time as a cable. Earth's Timeline (or past, present and
future) is a single strand of this cable stretching from Earth's
beginning to the end of time. The Timelines of other planets run
alongside this and weave around each other, because events on
one planet affect things on another. These strands, or
Timelines, are insulated from the fourth dimension in the same
way that an electrical wire is insulated. At certain points there
are holes in the insulation allowing travel from one point on the
wire through this hole to a different point on this or another
wire. In this way a Time Machine may move from one 'timehole'
to another and from one point in space to another via null-space.
The timeholes are formed when the fabric of time is damaged by
unknown forces. They can be larger, but are usually less than
five miles across. Timeholes come and go as new damage occurs
and older timeholes close up naturally. The Monitoring Section
is responsible for keeping the map of current timeholes. At least
one hole has been there for a long time - the Eiger Vault, near
the TIME building in the Alps. It is thought to be a permanent
timehole and your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is kept there
along with those of the Lords of TIME and other Agents. Some
timeholes are safer than others and it is possible to go back in

time only to find that the hole through which you travelled has
closed up, trapping the unfortunate traveller in the past. Time
passes at the same rate in all timeholes as on Earth. If you begin a
journey to a timehole ten minutes after somebody else does you
will arrive ten minutes later than them. Only those with Psychic
Awareness can navigate across null-space.
Game Rules
ATTACK

In certain paragraphs you will have the chance to attack an
enemy. When you choose to do so, you will be asked to make an
Attack Roll. To do this, roll two dice and add the numbers
together. You will be told which paragraph to turn to next,
depending on your score. In all combats you are more likely to
succeed if your score is high than if it is low.
ATTACK MODIFIER

Whenever you make an Attack Roll you must add or subtract
your Attack Modifier to the dice score. Your Attack Modifier
may change as the adventure unfolds and you should keep a
note of this on your Agent Profile (see pages xx-xxi). To begin
with your Attack Modifier is zero.
EVASION

In certain cases you may need to avoid the attack of an enemy or
escape from a difficult situation. You will be asked to make an
Evasion Roll, to which you must add or subtract your Evasion
Modifier. This works in the same way as the Attack Roll and
Attack Modifier as described above. Your initial Evasion Modifier is also zero.
CHANCE
There are moments in any agent's career when pure luck will
play its part. On such occasions you will be asked to make a
Chance Roll. Roll one die. You will then be instructed to turn to
a new paragraph.
POWERS OF THE MIND

Some paragraphs will offer you the chance to make a mental

attack, either a Thinkstrike or Power of Will. Make an Attack
Roll, just as if you were attacking normally, but add or subtract
your Thinkstrike or Power of Will-Modifier, not your Attack
Modifier. In all other ways mental attacks work in the same way
as a physical attack. To begin with your Thinkstrike and Power
of Will Modifiers are zero, as noted on your Agent Profile.
PSYCHIC AWARENESS

Your Psychic Awareness operates at all times and you will be
told when you have discovered anything of interest.
ENDURANCE

You, Falcon, start the adventure with 20 points of Endurance. If
you are wounded in combat, suffer something unpleasant such
as an acid atmosphere without a space suit, or become
exhausted, you will lose Endurance points. A running total of
your Endurance should be kept on your Agent Profile. If at any
time you fall to zero Endurance or less you are dead and your
adventure is over. Endurance points can be regained by visiting
the Autodoc in your Time Machine (see equipment list) and you
will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
Equipment
Standard Issue for TIME Special Agents
ITEM 1: MODEL A3 TIME MACHINE [see accompanying specifications]
Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is silver with bright
scarlet markings and is the eleventh machine capable of travel
through time ever built. Its cost cannot be computed, since it
involves the use of certain materials and scientific skills which
are priceless. The silver and scarlet hull will withstand
enormous pressure, heat and exposure to harmful gasses and
liquids, as well as providing protection from radiation.
The six hydraulic legs which support the machine are extended
when it materialises in a new Timehole, to provide stability on
uneven ground. The Main Access is operated by invisible
Tractor Beams (energy beams that can be used to grip and lift)
that will draw the Time Traveller up into the cabin, to rest on

TIME MACHINE

TIME MACHINE

the Access Disc. This disc is matter but is changed to air as you
move through it by the Molecular Convertor (see Item 4). The
pressurised cabin is lined with instruments and gadgets. The
crash-couch is moulded to fit your shape and can be moved up to
the command console or up into the Flyer (see Item 6).
The air inside the machine is kept pure by the life support unit
and can be flushed out and replaced within ten seconds. The
Main Access will work only when its Memory Scanner
recognises your own brain patterns. Specially sensitive cameras
and power floodlights are mounted on top of the Machine. The
Variac Drive, which forces the Machine into null-space, is
housed beneath the deck and is controlled through your
computer (CAIN, see Item 7).
ITEM 2: HOLOGRAM GENERATOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Hologram Generator very important if the First Law of TIME is to be obeyed. The
Generator changes the appearance of the Machine by casting a
hologram around it, so the computer can make the Machine
look like a small wood, hayrick or grassy hill etc, which is very
lifelike unless you are within two metres of the Machine itself.
This stops people in history being curious at the sight of a highly
technological machine.
ITEM 3: HOLO-DETECTOR

Due to the existence of Hologram Generators you may find it
difficult to see other Time Machines. As a member of the Time
Police you have been given a Hologram-detector which is
portable and operates to a range of fifty metres. This will reveal
the presence of a hologram and therefore another Time
Machine.
ITEM 4: MOLECULAR CONVERTOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Molecular Convertor, a
device which uses the rarest of all elements, Polybdenum, as its
fuel. Small articles, placed in the Convertor, are transformed
into whatever the computer decides. In this way, Time
Travellers have disguises which allow them to pass undetected

amongst the intelligent beings of other times. CAIN, your
computer, carries information about the Timeholes shown on
your map, so that the blueprints required by the Convertor to
make the disguises accurate, are usually available. Your Psionic
Helmet, for instance, can be turned into a legionary's helmet,
while keeping its modern powers.
ITEM 5: AUTODOC [see accompanying specifications]
This is a couch-like device which has needles, a drip, a blood
supply and surgical robo-arms. You may lie in the Autodoc
during the time taken to travel from one Timehole to another,
for instance, and come out healed, restoring your Endurance by
up to twelve points. You will be told when you can use your
Autodoc.
ITEM 6: FLYER [see accompanying specification]
Your crash-couch swivels up onto the platform of your flyer
when you wish to use it. The flyer is a small hover raft which is
catapulted out of the Time Machine through the Launch Doors,
two sections on top of the hull that slide apart. Once safely away
from the Machine the Ion Drive can be cut in, giving the flyer a
top speed many times the speed of sound (Mach 6). It can hover
which allows you to use it as an observation platform, but it is
too small to carry a Hologram Generator and should only be
used when strictly necessary. Fortunately, its Ion Drive is
almost soundless. You are also issued with a Homing Beacon,
which, when activated, will make the flyer move to its location
as quickly as possible. The flyer is then piloted by its micro
computer. The Beacon is magnetic, and about the size of a die.
ITEM 7: CAIN [Cybernetic Artificial Intelligence Nexus]
CAIN is one of the most advanced computers known to man. Its
data banks offer information on all subjects and historical data
on all Federation and alien planets. Its memory banks are
continuously updated with information concerning the Timeholes and it is able to link with the massive memory banks of the
TIME Service Computer at the Eiger Vault. A Holophone,
through which you can contact any other Holophone in the
Federation, is built into CAIN and you also have access to most

AUTODOC UNIT

FLYER

of the files kept by TIME. CAIN answers to your spoken
commands and runs the Time Machine for you. It can display
information visually, via the terminal screen, or verbally, using
its melodic chimes.
ITEM 8: BLASTER [see accompanying specifications]
This is your Standard Starship Trooper issue Plasma Pistol. It
fires superheated plasma to a range of 100 metres, and the
Energy Pack is sufficient for ten minutes' continuous use. You
have more Energy Packs in your weapons locker. Your blaster is
labelled, 'For use in exceptional circumstances only'.
ITEM 9: PSIONIC ENHANCER [see accompanying specifications]
This helmet helps your Powers of the Mind by damping all other
thoughts. It senses when you want to use your power and
activates automatically.
ITEM 10: ENVIRONMENT SUIT [see accompanying specifications]
A light, pressurised suit for use in vacuum, inhospitable
atmospheres and extreme ranges of temperature which
monitors your life signals such as pulse and temperature. It is
compatible with your Psionic Enhancer.
Personal Background
Special Agent (TIME)
Codename: Falcon
For three years you have studied at the Academy as a cadet
attached to TIME: the Temporal, Investigative and Monitoring
Executive, and you have passed the difficult training programme with flying colours. You have been selected from the
Academy to be a Special Agent because of your unusual talents,
having been born with Powers of the Mind: you can sense
things that others can't and even influence their actions
through thought alone. These powers have been strengthened
and focussed during your training and you have been issued
with a Psionic Enhancer, a helmet which increases these mental
powers. You have been taught to attack the minds of others
with a blast of mental energy you call Thinkstrike. Your Power
of Will allows you to control the minds of those weaker than

BLASTER

PSIONIC ENHANCER

ENVIRONMENT SUIT

you, and your Psychic Awareness allows you to sense things
that others cannot, including the presence of another with such
mental powers. This Psychic Awareness also lets you navigate
your Time Machine through time and space. Few have such
powers and even fewer are trusted with one of the small
number of Time Machines in existence.
You are expert in survival - including combat - armed and
unarmed. History and detective powers of deduction have also
been major subjects of study. You are now an Agent in the Time
Police, whose job is to guard the Timelines of the past and to
ensure that no one tampers with past events in any way that
would change things as they are now.
TIME, the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive,
was set up in Alpolis forty years ago shortly after Time Travel
was discovered. The realisation that anyone with access to Time
Travel could change the past so that the entire human race
might cease to exist was worrying, so Time Machines were built
for the Time Police in their crystal domed TIME headquarters,
in order to stop this. TIME is headed by five Lords, representing
the most powerful groups in the Space Federation. Each of these
has Powers of the Mind, and their own Time Machine.
The Executive is divided into four sections: Administrative,
Research, Monitoring and the Special Agent Section (or SAS).
The Monitoring Section, headed by Section Chief Jobanque, is
responsible for noting any disturbances in the past, or
Timelines, of the planets in the Federation. The Research
Section, headed by Section Chief Skirrow, is responsible for all
equipment used by Special Agents and is also examining the
possibilities of travel into the future, as yet impossible. Your
own Special Agent Section is headed by Section Chief Agidy
Yelov, a Siriun humanoid from the Federation member planet,
Sirius Secundus. Agidy Yelov and others have told you the
importance of the First Law of TIME when on active service: 'A
TIME Agent must, in all cases, act naturally according to the
time in which he is currently operating, thus minimising any
disruption of the Timelines his or her presence might be

causing'. As Yelov once said to you: There's no point in coming
back to 3033 if you have left an atomic hand gun near Hitler's
bunker, because this would change the present - in fact, you'd
probably find you had never existed!' As with all Special Agents,
your bloodline has been traced back, in your case to the French
Revolution in 1789 AD. Should any one of your ancestors fail to
produce the next in line it would be as if you had never existed.
The rules are very simple - you could almost play this book
without reading them at all. But reading the Personal
Background and, of course, the Mission Brief will help you to
understand what is happening as you begin the adventure. If
you come across something you don't understand, don't worry,
check the Equipment List and this may give you a clue. If not,
carry on anyway, it will probably become clear later.
Mission Brief
You are at your desk in the high security wing of the TIME
building. As Chief of the Special Agent Section, you should be
reading the status and liaison reports from the Monitoring
Section, and the heap of paperwork from Research, Admin and
so on. But you are gazing into space, thinking about your friend
and subordinate. Agent Bloodhound, and the adventures you
shared when you were also a field agent.
He has disappeared, vanished without trace just before a
mission to find Agidy Yelov began. Not even Po-Ling of the
Monitoring Section can offer a clue. Bloodhound was last seen
in the Eiger Vault, setting out on a routine time trip to the
timehole on Earth 1485 AD.
A loud bleeping sound interrupts your thoughts. It is your
secretary, Ameena. 'Lord Jobanque has agreed to see you,
Falcon.' Some time later you are seated in Jobanque's office.
'Well, Falcon, what can I do for our renowned Section Chief ?' he
asks cheerfully.
'I would like to take the mission to find Bloodhound, Sir,' you
state bluntly.

AGENT PROFILE:

Jobanque frowns, pursing his lips, then he sighs resignedly: 'I'm
afraid I cannot allow you to do that, Falcon ...' He pauses and
then continues quickly, There is to be no attempt to find him.'
He puts up his hand in a gesture of appeasement as you start in
anger and astonishment. 'Hold on. Let me explain. Skirrow of
Research has found something very unusual about the timehole
Bloodhound visited. It is not as other holes, Falcon. He wants
time to examine it closely - its abnormal nature is almost
certainly the cause of Bloodhound's disappearance. Skirrow's
theory is that Bloodhound is either trapped for ever in nullspace or was simply atomised the moment he engaged the
Variac Drive of his Time Machine. For all intents and purposes,
we must assume Bloodhound is dead.'
You stare at Jobanque for a moment. 'I cannot believe that,' you
reply.
'Look, Falcon, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but we cannot
risk another agent, least of all you. Going after Bloodhound is
too dangerous. It's as simple as that -I forbid you to go. That's all
Falcon.' And he begins officiously moving holovid tape reports
about on his desk. You get up and leave in disgust. Turn to 1.

1
Seated back in your office, you must decide what to do. Will you:
Go along with Jobanque's orders and forget
about Bloodhound?
Turn to 10
Decide that Jobanque can stick his head in a vat
of fungspread and go after Bloodhound?
Turn to 20

2
For all its bloated head - as if it suffered from water on the brain
- and grotesquely large fists, the monstrous human is well coordinated and it launches a startlingly swift attack which you try
once more to dodge. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 9-12, turn to 32
If you score 2-8, turn to 42

3
As you walk on beside the hoofprints you think over the
awkward position you have got yourself into. In the unlikely
event that you can return to 3034 AD, you will have a lot of
explaining to do. Do you:
Feel anxious?
Defiant?
Calmly accept your lot?

Turn to 23
Turn to 33
Turn to 43

4
You dodge too late, the strange human's co-ordination is good
and the knotted tangle of knuckles crashes onto your cranium,
denting it somewhat. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive
you are so dazed that you can but try feebly to dodge its next
blow. Turn to 34.

5
The Sossorros floods your mind with images of its own world.
Thousands like it float free in the atmosphere of a great red gas
giant of a world in the freezing atmosphere, where the gravity is
still so heavy that they are smaller in volume than the one which

stretches for fifty metres to either side of you. The Cloud-Being
tells you that a superior life form has used an instrument of
planetary travel to trap beings from many worlds and times on
this world which teeters on the brink of annihilation, at the dusk
of time. Suddenly the mist begins to recede away from you at a
great rate. Either it is bored by your questioning or something
has frightened it. Turn to 60.

6
You find yourself in a wide open area inside a large compound
which is covered in camouflage nets. The rest of the Tiger tanks
are pulled up next to yours, engines idling. Nearby a neat row of
fifteen more Tiger tanks, flanked by several armoured cars, lie
parked. Some are mere metal hulks, rusted and useless,
cannibalised for spare parts. There is also a row of large wheeled
trucks, also of twentieth century design, and strange half
tracked vehicles, and some ancient-looking field guns. Out of all
of these weapons and vehicles, only half look operational.
The whole compound is surrounded by a wooden stockade,
studded with watchtowers, manned by machine gun teams.
There are many wooden buildings and in the centre of the
compound is what looks like a refinery with a smoking chimney
stack. You can hear the rumble of a generator inside, the camp's
power source. Electric cables run from the refinery tower all
around the compound and up to the search lights in the tower.
The place is well lit, akin to the light of early evening on Earth.
You notice a marked difference amongst the people in the camp.
Some, like the soldiers that picked you up, still retain their
uniforms and weapons. Others are dressed in a slovenly fashion
and move around in a listless and despondent manner. There are
very few women and these do not appear to be twentieth
century Germans. Their clothes seem mediaeval in origin. The
Hauptsturmfuhrer approaches you and says: 'We will take you
to see Standartenfuhrer Fromm now,' and he signals to several
smartly dressed SS soldiers. They take you by the arms and you
are frogmarched to a neat wooden cottage in the corner of the
compound. Some men salute the Hauptsturmfuhrer, others
give a perfunctory wave. Turn to 240.

7
The Knight's horse waits, unperturbed, as the tanks grind into
cacophonous motion and kick up the dust as they drive back the
way they came. When they have gone the Knight waves the
particle disruptor, motioning you to walk in the other direction.
Will you:
.
Offer him the sword with the strangely cold
blade?
Turn to 17
Try to escape using your powers of the mind? Turn to 27

8
Cautiously poking your head over the lip of the gully you look
downward. The tanks have stopped, the crews are climbing out.
They are unable to follow you over the rough ground, the
terrain is unsuitable for tanks. A group of about twenty soldiers
runs up to them. You notice someone in a tank turret pointing
up in your direction and shouting orders. Then, to your
surprise, you notice four or five horsemen riding up to the
tanks. They seem to be mediaeval Crusader knights, with bright
red crosses on their white surcoats. One of them carries what
seems to be a particle disruptor. They appear to argue with the
German soldiers but then some agreement is reached - the
horsemen and the SS soldiers fan out in a long line and move
towards you. They are trying to flush you out. The tanks start
up again and begin to rumble around the edge of the rocky
ground, presumably to travel all the way around it. You turn
round and dart down the gully. You emerge on the other side, to
find yourself on a wide stretch of flat rock that runs into the
sand once more some two hundred yards ahead. It appears you
are trapped. If you stay on the rocky ground, the knights and
soldiers will get you, and if you cross into the sand, the tanks will
reach you. Turn to 380.

9
The Knight reins in, turns his charger and then gallops away,
but not before driving his lance into the dust, as if to mark the
spot where he first caught sight of you. You call but he canters

on, leaving you none the wiser as to his motives. Will you:
Turn to 29
Turn to 183

Walk towards the lance?
Return to the hillock?

10
You carry on with the daily routine of running the Special
Agent Section. It is a peaceful time and no major threats present
themselves other than an attempt to break into the Eiger Vault
by an escaped criminal, hoping to lose himself in the mists of
time, but he doesn't get further than the gates. Bloodhound is
but a memory ...
11
The cave narrows to a wide tunnel which winds upwards into a
circular chamber without a roof. The red sun fills the area with a
blood red light. The sloping walls look easy to climb and there is
no sign of mist above. As you move towards the wall a shower of
noxious ordure rains down on your head and a large shadow
falls across you. Turn to 55.

12
There is no obvious way to open the plasteel door which is four
metres tall and two metres wide. It is set three inches back into
the wall of the tower and does not appear to be hinged. The
lolloping man-creature is almost upon you. Will you:
Call out loudly in the hope that someone will
open it for you?
Turn to 152
Try to push it inwards?
Turn to 162
Try to slide it sideways?
Turn to 172

13
Something catches your eye as you trudge across a field of loose
pink and grey grit - even the granite has weathered into tiny
chips. The object glints in the sombre light - it is a sword with
great iron hilts that has been driven point first into the gravel. A
split skull has been driven onto the hilts and a grey metal helmet
rests on top. There is a black swastika on one side and two black

letters: SS. A wooden post has been driven into the gravel
nearby with a board on which is scratched the words: 'Achtung
Gefahrlich.' The sword seems to have kept its edge. Will you:
Grasp the sword and shake off the skull?
Ignore it and walk on?

Turn to 123
Turn to 133

14
Your blow strikes home. The neck which holds the bloated head
is surprisingly tough - it would have felled any normal man, but
your assailant merely staggers back before coming at you again.
You decide to make one last escape through the gateway. Will
you try to:
Push it open?
Slide it aside?

Turn to 64
Turn to 172

15
A close up image of the strange tower fills your mind. It is
futuristic yet decayed, a strange mixture of engineering achievement, technological innovation and neglect. Beyond is a plane of
bluish slate, dotted with grey domes. Near it lies a great dustfilled crater, at the centre, its base standing quite free of the
dust, is a shiny black monolith. Suddenly the mist begins to
recede at a great rate. Either it is bored by your questioning or
something has frightened it. Turn to 60.
16
He smiles slyly again. 'Simply, some of my men don't believe
that Germany won the war. They don't believe in the thousand
year Reich! Others were never good Nazis in the first place, the
weak fools! But I'm going to change all that. You, Falcon, are
going to take us back in your Time Machine to Germany. There
our scientists will unravel the mysteries of your machine and of
your death ray weapons. With this knowledge, nothing will
stand in our way and the Fatherland will be assured of a great
victory; Hitler will grind the world under the heel of Nazism!
The Third Reich will triumph and rule for millenia! Long live
Hitler! Sieg Heil, Sieg Heil!'

By now Ernst Fromm is standing up and ranting, a sheen of
sweat on his forehead, a frenzied gleam of crazed fanaticism in
his eyes. Then he sits down, smoothing his uniform and adds
calmly, 'And the Fuhrer will make me a Field Marshal. If you do
not agree to help us, you will be tortured until your will is
broken and you are like putty in our hands.' Will you:
Refuse to help him and then try to dominate his
mind using your Powers of Will?
Turn to 36
Agree to help him but say you need some rest
first - perhaps you can find an opportunity
to escape?
Turn to 386
Simply refuse outright to have anything to do
with him?
Turn to 288
17

If you have been dragging the sword along behind you, using a
piece of red and white cloth, turn to 37. If you have been
carrying it, turn to 47.
18

Make an Attack Roll as you level your blaster and unleash a
lightning strike of plasma at the reptilian beast.
If you score 8-12, turn to 418
If you score 2-7, turn to 270

19
Thankful to be on your way you press on. Your path takes you
around a large area of gravel chips, towards a pock-marked
hillock, and after a while obliquely across a set of tracks which
stretch towards nothing to either side as far as the eye can see.
They remind you of fish bones, a series of parallel indentations
made by a very heavy vehicle, but there is no indication as to
what drove it or whether it is a robot. You trudge on towards
the hillock and realise that you are growing thirsty. Turn to 183.

20
You will be acting completely unofficially, illegally in fact.

However, you give your clearance code to the Service Computer
and give orders that your Time Machine be readied for
immediate use, knowing that no-one is likely to question the
orders of the Section Chief of the Special Agent Section.
An hour later you are disembarking from the hovrail at the
entrance to the Eiger Vault. The mind scan affirms your identity
and the titanium, plasma resistant, personnel security door
slides open. You step through and are about to proceed to the
Eiger underground hovrail that will take you to the new bay
that now houses Falcon's Wing when a TIME security guard in
power armour steps out of the Security Control Dome.
Another guard watches you from inside. A Security Droid rests
motionless nearby.
'Ah, excuse me, sir,' the guard says, his voice hissing through
the air ducts of his armour, 'I'm afraid we can't let you through,
Section Chief. Um, er, we've been told not to allow you into the
Eiger Vault.' The guard is plainly embarrassed. Will you:
Try to bluff your way past saying authoritatively,
'Don't be ridiculous, man, you must be
mistaken. I am Section Chief Falcon of the
Special Agent Section and I order you to get
out of my way or face two hours inside the
tank of a starving Keladi.'?
Turn to 28
Draw your blaster and tell the guard to let you
through?
Turn to 40
Try to Thinkstrike him and then the guard in
the Security Dome?
Turn to 56
Try to control the guard with your Powers of
Will?
Turn to 66

21
Muscles aching from the effort you force your way up the sheer
rock towards the lip of the crevasse. Two yards from the top you
pause to search for the next hand hold as your pursuers
dismount. Your foot slips a little and you grimly hang on for
your life as the shadow of a kneeling Knight falls on you. You

look up in time to see the falling sword blade which severs your
arm. This time your fall, and your body, are broken by
unyielding granite. You have lived into the twilight of the
universe but not long enough to tell the tale.

Luger at the other. The shot rings out across the featureless
expanse and the soldier flies backwards to lie inert in the dust.
Your kick sends the last soldier reeling to collapse unconscious.
Quickly you force Meyer to stand still whilst you knock him out
with a deft blow to the back of the neck.

22
For all its bloated head, as if it suffered from water on the brain,
and grotesquely large fists, the monstrous human is well coordinated and it launches a startlingly swift attack which you try
once more to dodge. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 32
If you score 2-7, turn to 42

You can hear shouted orders from the compound and the
revving of engines, Fromm is organising a pursuit. You turn and
sprint away, making for a low ridge a few hundred yards away.
Within a few minutes you are pounding up the side of the ridge.
At its top you pause to look behind - several tanks and trucks,
full of uniformed soldiers, are spewing out of the SS compound.
Turn to 396.

23

27

The feeling of anxiety you have suddenly becomes much worse.
A wave of fear washes over you and you stop dead in your
tracks, terror-stricken. You fight down the rising panic with
difficulty and decide to leave the tracks you are following and
head towards the huge building once more, puzzling as to what
has come over you. Turn to 19.

To your consternation, you are unable to use your powers of the
mind either to Thinkstrike, use Power of Will or even to read the
Knight's mind. It feels as though the sword is interfering with
your mind powers in some way. Will you:

24
Your blow simply isn't powerful enough. The neck which holds
the bloated head seems surprisingly tough and the huge fist
pounds at your skull again. Turn to 74.

25
The Sossorros fills your mind with the instantly recognisable
image of a person. Bloodhound. A Bloodhound whose SAT
uniform is tattered and torn, but it is definitely Bloodhound.
Suddenly the mist begins to recede at a great rate. Either it is
bored by your questioning or something has frightened it. Turn
to 60.

26
Meyer falls under your sway. 'Halt,' he shouts, and the two
guards hesitate. As fast as thought you twist and drive a high
kick at the nearest soldier whilst you force Meyer to fire his

Offer him the sword with the strangely cold
blade?
Walk on to see what you can learn of your
destination?

Turn to 17
Turn to 67

28
The guard steps back, cowed by your commanding tones - you
are after all a Section Chief of TIME. 'Er, yes, sir, of course it
must be a mistake. I'm sorry sir, please go through.'Boldly you
walk on to the hovrail car, but you can sense that the guard is
having second thoughts, remembering his orders. An alarm
shrieks and a voice booms out, 'Intruder alert - apprehend or
disable. Do not kill, priority A1, repeat, Do not kill.' The noise
fills the vault with a cacophony of echoing sound. At least
Jobanque isn't going to have you terminated over this, you think
to yourself. You hurl yourself into a waiting hovrail car as a
beam of emerald energy from a droid's stun lance flashes
through the spot you have just moved from. Quickly you insert
your identity chip into the hovcar guidance computer, praying

that your Security Clearance hasn't yet been revoked. You
heave a sigh of relief as the doors hum shut and the hovrail
shoots forward like a bullet to maximum speed in seconds, the
acceleration slamming you back into your chair. You are
propelled deep into the Eiger Vault. Turn to 116.

29
The lance pennon flutters in the dust and as you lay your hands
on the haft, a voice seems to speak in your mind: 'When the
Infidel is driven forth from the Holy Land, then may ye attain
the Grail.' The words seem meaningless to you, the lance is
unwieldy, too cumbersome to carry, it carries no clues as to
what is happening so you leave it buried in the dust and run back
to the hillock. Turn to 183.

30
Make a Power of Will Roll as you reach out and try to dominate
the mind of the commander. He is a strong-willed young man,
but you can sense he is dispirited, it seems he feels lost in this
strange place.
If you score 7-12, turn to 370
If you score 2-6, turn to 306

31
Gradually, a feeling of gnawing anxiety disturbs your serenity.
If you stay where you are, you realise with a flash of insight, you
will starve. Nevertheless it will take tremendous willpower to
break the strange lethargy which grips you. Make a Power of
Will Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 41
If you score 2-4, turn to 51

32
By drawing on the skills of a crack combateer you somehow
elude the precise hammer blows of its fists and hit back. Make an
Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 82
If you score 2-6, turn to 92

33
Your feeling of defiant self-assurance suddenly increases to a
surge of megalomania. You believe you can do anything you
wish. You start to run towards a nearby hill, shouting out
challenges as you go. At the hilltop you shout, 'Come and get
me, I'm ready for you whatever you are.' Turn to 409.

34
For all its bloated head, as if it suffered from water on the brain,
and grotesquely large fists, the monstrous human is well coordinated and it launches a startlingly swift attack which you try
once more to dodge. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 9-12, turn to 44
If you score 2-8, turn to 54

35
In response to your question, the Sossorros replies: 'Such nonbeings as yourself exist there, they are thinking sub-life forms
but their instruments of making and doing lie idle.' You ask it to
further describe these life forms and a series of mental images
flood your brain. They are human like you, and yet different,
some grotesquely malformed or mutated, but the Sossorros
does not think of them as imperfect, merely highly adapted.
They appear to be members of an advanced civilisation. Suddenly the mist begins to recede at a great rate. Evidently it is
bored by your questioning. Turn to 60.

36
As you refuse his terms, he smiles evilly, but then you reach out
and try to take over his mind. However, Ernst Fromm is strong
willed, a fanatic, and will not be easy to control. Make a Power of
Will Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 250
If you score 2-7, turn to 236
37

As you stop to undo the ragged piece of cloth, the Knight

glowers darkly at you. 'Infidel dog, to drag the sacred sword of
Valois through the dust,' and he treats you to a short blast from
the particle disruptor. The purple beam eats into your front,
almost rupturing your spleen. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are
still alive, you fall helpless to the floor. The Knight dismounts
and takes the sword, waiting for you to regain your composure.
As soon as you are able, you stagger onward and the mail clad
Knight rides along behind you. Turn to 57.

38
You both sprint for the edge of the bowl housing the Gra'ak
domes, but the Saurians are gaining on you fast. Their huge legs
enable them to bound after you with frightening speed. You are
forced to turn and fight but even together you are no match for
them. Stronger, taller and faster than any human could be, the
Gra'aki pack tear you to ribbons in seconds.

39
You spin towards the plane that left you only a half hour ago.
Now that the tanks are not in range, the pilot thinks it is safer to
speak with you. The cockpit canopy slides back, a man dressed in
something vaguely akin to your environment suit climbs out
and comes over to you. 'Hi there. Maybe we can speak together
now - at least for a moment or two. I'm Lieutenant Kowalski of
the United States Air Force,' and he extends a hand. You shake
it. 'I'm from 2012 AD. I was on a routine mission when I suddenly ended up here. Some kind of time flux. Anyhow, you're in
trouble, man! Those Nazi guys are mean. And so are the
Knights of Saint John. I could help you ...' and he gazes at you
through narrowed eyes. 'I mean my Starfighter could really
waste those guys, you know. But you gotta make it worth my
while. It's not a good idea for me to mess with them - I'm on my
own and they're a whole battalion! So you gotta promise to get
me outta here. If I help you, you've gotta take me to your time,
maybe even back to mine. Deal?' He smiles winningly. Will you:
Agree to take Kowalski with you?
Turn to 168
Decide it might change the timelines to do so
and refuse?
Turn to 350

40
You whip out your blaster and point it at the guard, who steps
back, plainly astonished. A voice booms out over the loudspeaker from the Security Dome: 'Please sir, don't force us to
restrain you - we have strict orders from the Lord Jobanque not
to let you through.' The Security Droid levels its stun lance at
you. Will you:
Jump forward and threaten to kill the guard in
power armour unless he lets you through?
Turn to 76
Fire at the Security Droid?
Turn to 86
Try to Thinkstrike the two human guards in
quick succession?
Turn to 56

41
Although the task of crossing the endless plain of sand grain
boulders which stretch into the mist on all sides seems for some
reason too awful to contemplate, you force yourself to move.
The blue mist is tinged with green on one side and purple on the
other. Will you head for:
Turn to 61
Turn to 71

The green?
The purple?

42
One of the fists parts the air surprisingly quickly and smashes
your collar bone. Lose 3 Endurance points or only 1 if you were
partially protected by your environment suit. If you are still
alive, you elude its next blow with the skills of a crack combateer
and strike back. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 82
If you score 2-6, turn to 92

43
You top another rise and are surprised to find a series of large
burrows, four feet across, in the ground ahead of you, beneath
some scrubby grey-green trees. There are tracks of small booted

feet, made by bipeds. Will you:
Go down into the burrows?
Turn to 53
Give them a wide berth and set off towards the
huge building once more?
Turn to 19

take any time to travel either for, seconds later, CAIN informs
you that you have materialised - somewhere. 'My instruments
cannot pick up a time or location,' chimes CAIN. 'It is as if we
were outside normal space time, yet not in null-space.' Turn to
101.

44

47

At the last second you manage to twist aside from a flailing fist.
Missing, you cause it to lose its balance momentarily. Make an
Attack Roll.

45

You stop and offer the sword gingerly to the Knight, using the
robot-like tones of the translator's sound box to warn him of the
cold. He takes it, saying, 'Well, I know the properties of the
Sacred Sword of Valois, it is our defence against the squirrelpeople. I thank you stranger. We are going to the abbey.' With
that he falls silent, leaving you to ponder what a mediaeval
Knight can be doing beyond a hundred million years into his
future. Turn to 57.

The image of a flat plain of blue sand and cracked salt interrupted by low grey domes fills your mind. The image expands,
as if you were looking through a camera lens which was
zooming in, and you can pick out details: a doorway, a figure,
and then, the nature of the beast. It is reptilian in shape, rather
like a seven foot tyranosaurus. The Saurian creature has a
crocodilian shaped head save that there is an extended brain case
that hangs down across its back, crested with scales. The
massive jaws are wet with saliva. Its appearance fills you with a
horror that is almost instinctive. Suddenly the image vanishes.
The cloud begins to recede away from you at a great rate. Either
it is bored by your questioning, or something has frightened it.
Turn to 60.

You cannot see but the smell of steel, machine oil and sweat fills
your nostrils in the cramped confines of the twentieth century
tank. You wonder to yourself how such relics of the past could
have found their way here. You can feel the hard muzzle of a
Luger in your back and, using your psychic awareness, you can
tell that a man, this tank's commander, has you covered. The
tank also holds a gunner, driver and radioman. The Commander
says, 'Return to the camp, driver - Standartenfuhrer Fromm
will want to speak with this one as soon as possible.' The tank
shudders and rumbles into motion, filling your ears with a
roaring sound. Will you:

If you score 7-12, turn to 82
If you score 2-6, turn to 92

46
Hurriedly, you ascend into the cockpit of Falcon's Wing where
CAIN welcomes you cordially. Not wishing to spend anymore
time in the now hostile Eiger Vault, you instruct CAIN to set coordinates for the timehole on Earth 1485 AD, the last place
Agent Bloodhound was known to be heading for. Soon Falcon's
Wing has shifted into null-space but something seems wrong.
Instead of the familiar grey nothingness of 'The Void', you find
yourself surrounded by a mass of coruscating colours that make
your head spin and your stomach churn to look at. Nor does it

48

Try to escape now?
Allow yourself to be taken to the SS men's
base?

Turn to 246
Turn to 308

49
You try to gather your mind to hurl a Thinkstrike but your
struggle of wills has left you momentarily dull-witted. You are
too slow and the reptile opens fire. A small ball of yellow energy
flies from the tip of its rifle and explodes at your shoulder,
sending you staggering back. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still

alive, your shoulder, burnt and bleeding, throbs painfully. The
sight of your blood sends the creature into a frenzy - its jaws
snap horribly and it slavers wildly. Then it growls and charges
forward, eyes lit with blood-lust. Fear, the fear of the prey for
the predator, grips you. You must fight for your life! Will you:
Run forward to engage it in hand to hand
combat?
Draw and fire your blaster if you have it?
Try to Thinkstrike it again?

Turn to 296
Turn to 290
Turn to 318

50
Meyer's jaw drops in surprise and he stares at Fromm. 'But what
about the Fuhrer, sir?' He pauses, then looks at you suspiciously
and shouts at the guards: 'It is mind trickery! Disable the
prisoner!' You leap to your feet but there are too many of them one of them drives his rifle into your solar plexus and you
double up in pain. The physical shock causes you to lose control
of Ernst Fromm. He jumps up and shouts in rage, 'You will pay
for this, Schweinhund,' he cries. Take the filth away and reduce
it to a mewling dog, Hauptsturmfuhrer - I want the dog
obedient and willing and under close guard, not least to prevent
escape, but also to prevent a repeat of the Dragonmen's last
bloody raid. We must not lost this one. Heil!'
'Heil Hitler!' shouts the Hauptsturmfuhrer and the guards grab
you and carry you bodily out of the wooden cottage, taking
great pains to ensure you are uncomfortable. Turn to 400.

51
The effort of mind is too much for the feeling of being so small
has robbed you of your will. Miserably you perch on one of the
sand grains waiting for death to take you, for nothing will enter
this sentient cloud to save you. You have lived into the twilight
of time but not long enough to tell the tale.

52
You raise your face to the sky and shout out above the boom of
the machinery, 'Open the gate, I come in peace,' at the top of

your voice. For a while there is no reply and you are about to call
again when there is the scrape of metal upon metal from the
manhole cover. Turn to 202.

53
Cautiously you feel your way down the large burrow, stooping
as you go. After ten metres it opens out in a large subterranean
cave and several electric lights come on, temporarily blinding
you. When you can see again you find yourself surrounded by
delicate looking creatures, squirrel-like humanoids wearing
beautifully tailored humi-suits designed to protect them from
the dust and to hoard and recycle their bodily fluids. They are
Ardann, the forest dwelling race from the planet Arden. It is
most unusual to find them underground and your surprise is
suddenly amplified so that you stand dumbstruck, unable to
move, with your mouth hanging open. You realise that the
Ardann are using their mental powers to increase your
emotional responses to the point where you cannot think
rationally. Your surprise gives way to irritated indignation and
you find yourself stamping your foot petulantly and screaming
abuse at them. You must do something to reassert your self
control. Will you:
Think of flowers, peace and well-being to the
Ardann?
Clear your mind of all thought and try to
meditate?
Use your blaster on them?

Turn to 63
Turn to 73
Turn to 83

54
Your reactions are slack, and the creature's long fist crashes into
your head with awful force, snapping it back and breaking your
neck. Death is instantaneous.

55
What looks, in the gloom, like a large flying walrus screeches as
it dives to attack. Do you have your blaster? If you do, turn to
65. If not, turn to 75.

56
You send a blast of psionic energy at the guard. He was not
expecting this and his defences are down. With a grunt he
throws back his head and slumps to the ground. A second later
you hurl another mental attack at the man in the Security
Dome, but it only serves to reveal something about the Eiger
Vault Security that you never knew before - the dome housing
Security Control acts in some way as a psychic shield - no
mental force can pass through. The man inside it shouts,
'Mental attack!' and as he activates the Security Droid,
continues, I'm sorry Sir, orders is orders.' The Security Droid
wheels towards you and raises its stun lance. You try to throw
yourself aside just as it fires. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 106
If you score 7-12, turn to 96

levels. You dart forward towards the archway. Around one of
the forearms of the beast is a band of polished metal, brightly
painted with three bars of colour - red, green and yellow. You
pause at the entrance but all is quiet. Silently you glide into the
dome. Turn to 316.

59
Meyer starts in fear. 'Yes sir, immediately sir!' and he signals to
two of the guards. You are frog-marched out of the cottage with
Meyer ahead of you. They take you out of the camp to an open
area of sandy ground one hundred yards from the entrance,
whilst you concentrate on maintaining your control over
Fromm. They force you to your knees and prepare to shoot you
in the back of the neck. To use your mind powers you will have
to release Fromm from your control. It you wish to do this, turn
to 190. If you wish to attack your would be murderers and have
Fromm run out and help you, turn to 216.

57
After half an hour you pass a tank's caterpillar track lying in the
dust. The wind has bared it but you are surprised to see it is
badly weathered - it must have lain there for many years. Then
you realise that neither the German soldiers, nor the Knight,
show any signs of Medawars syndrome and the horse, if a little
thin, looks quite healthy. Either you will not age unnaturally
quickly or these people were born here. Soon you begin to
descend into a very shallow valley across which a green river
meanders. Ferns and grasses line the banks and horses are
picketed on the near bank, grazing. Beyond them is a ford
leading to a small and ramshackle looking castle. Turn to 77.

58
You level the Cold Lance and squeeze the triggering device - the
air shimmers, condensation forming in a cone between the lance
and its target. The reptile is struck by the force of the strange
device and drops its weapon in surprise. Then it begins to
shudder as you maintain the ray. It seems to be leeching the
Saurian of its body heat. Its eyes droop shut and it buckles at the
knees, falling to the ground. It has fallen into a torpid stupor - a
cold blooded creature, it cannot function at low temperature

60
After a time you come to another low hill. At its top you are able
to survey the ground ahead of you. Straight on lies the tower.
To its left you can just make out several dome-like structures in
a depression on a plain of hard flat ground, of bluish slate. If you
wish to investigate the tower, turn to 105. If you would like to
investigate the domelike structures, turn to 338.

61
For a long time you struggle across the sand without being
aware of moving until you enter the band of green mist. When
instantly, it seems, you return to normal size and stride
confidently through into a whirlpool of yellow. After a few
more steps, you stop to get your bearings and doubts assail you.
You realise you are hopelessly lost, the cloud closed in around
you without any wind and as far as you know it could move with
you so that you would never see the red moon of this world
again. Though you have only yourself to blame for your
predicament, you start to blame the Lords of TIME, and in
particular Jobanque for not sending help for Bloodhound. Turn
to 281.

62
The gate doesn't budge an inch, but as soon as you touch it, a
terrible shock jolts through you. Lose 2 Endurance points. Evidently
the gate is protected against outsiders. If you are still alive, will
you:
Try to slide it sideways?
Cry out loud for someone to open the gate?
Put your shoulder against the door and push
harder?

Turn to 72
Turn to 52
Turn to 393

walk towards the hovrail car, the man in the Security Dome
suddenly realises what has happened, for he says,' Mind Attack!
I'm sorry, sir, orders is orders,' and he activates the Security
Droid which aims its stun lance at you. Will you:
Run to the hovcar and force the guard under
your control to attack the droid?
Turn to 150
Run for the hovcar and force the guard to get
between you and the droid, so that the droid
cannot reach you with the stun lance?
Turn to 158

63

67

As you fill your mind with thoughts of goodwill to the Ardann
you become ready to do anything they ask. Luckily one of them
says in a soft mellifluous voice, 'Leave us and go far away.' You
almost fall over yourself in your eagerness to oblige. After a few
minutes the feeling wears off but you are already on your way
towards the huge building once more and decide to continue.
Turn to 19.

After half an hour you pass a tank's caterpillar track lying in the
dust. The wind has bared it but you are surprised to see it is
badly weathered - it must have lain there for many years. Then
you realise that neither the German soldiers, nor the Knight,
show any signs of Medawars syndrome and the horse, if a little
thin, looks quite healthy. Either you will not age unnaturally
quickly or these people were born here. Soon you begin to
descend into a very shallow valley across which a green river
meanders. Ferns and grasses line the banks and horses are
picketed on the near bank, grazing. Beyond them is a ford
leading to a small and ramshackle looking castle. Turn to 87.

64
Your body jars spasmodically as a jolt of electricity galvanises
you. You fall away from the gate into the clutches of the human
beast. The knotted fists catch you while you are still dazed and
smash you to a pulp. You have travelled to the end of time, but
no-one will ever hear you tell the tale.

65
The bloated walrus-like body is in fact an air bladder but the
spikes at the front of the animal's wings are solid enough. Will
you:

68
Their combined minds are too much for you and they both gasp
in surprise and outrage. 'Mind tricks, like the last one,' shouts
the commander. Suddenly there is a sharp pain and everything
goes blank. Turn to 276.

69

Turn to 85
Turn to 95

If you are wearing your environment suit, you can use its yellow
lubricating fluid to draw in the mud, turn to 79. Otherwise,
prepare to slit your own wrist, turn to 89.

66

70

You reach out with your mind and grasp his will with yours, as if
in a vice. The guard did not really expect you to force your way
in and he falls easily under your control. As you are about to

'Only one man, sir?' queries Meyer. 'But you know this
timefarer's mental powers ...' Then he looks at you suspiciously
and shouts at the guards: 'It is mind trickery! Disable the

Use your blaster?
Thinkstrike?

prisoner!' You leap to your feet but there are too many of them one of them drives his rifle into your solar plexus and you
double up in pain. The physical shock causes you to lose control
of Ernst Fromm. He jumps up and shouts in rage, 'You will pay
for this, Schweinhund,' he cries. Take the filth away and reduce
it to a mewling dog, Hauptsturmfuhrer - I want the dog
obedient and willing, and under close guard, not least to prevent
escape, but also to prevent a repeat of the Dragonmen's last
bloody raid. We must not lose this one. Heil!'
'Heil Hitler!' shouts the Hauptsturmfuhrer and the guards grab
you and carry you bodily out of the wooden cottage, taking
great pains to ensure you are uncomfortable. Turn to 400.

71
The purple glow soon gives way to a deep warm redness. If this
is the second time you have visited the red mist, turn to 159.
Otherwise, read on. As you approach the eerie red glow it seems
to welcome you and the red vapours swirl about you, seeming to
sooth you in a warm caress. You begin to feel better than you
have yet felt on this cold and barren planet. You breathe the red
mist in deeply, then blow little rings of red smoke out of your
nostrils. Suddenly you begin to laugh - the red mist is affecting
you like laughing gas. It occurs to you to make a painting on the
sandy ground, but the only thing you can think of to use as paint
is blood. Turn to 69.

72
As you touch the gate, a terrible shock jolts through you. Lose 2
Endurance points. If you are still alive, you see that the gate has
started to slide open, enough for you to slip through into a lit
passageway beyond. The boom-boom of the machinery buffets
your eardrums. You decide to step inside. Turn to 222
73

Remembering your training at the Academy when you used to
empty your mind of all thought before attempting a Thinkstrike, you let your mind drift freely and the Ardann are

momentarily unable to affect you. Will you take this opportunity to:
Leave and go on towards the huge building?
Tell them that you are a friendly timetraveller?
Ask them why they are living in holes in the
ground?

Turn to 93
Turn to 103
Turn to 113

74
For all its bloated head, as if it suffered from water on the brain,
and grotesquely large fists, the monstrous human is well coordinated and it launches a startlingly swift attack which you try
once more to dodge. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 84
If you score 2-7, turn to 42

75
Instinctively you reach for your blaster, but it is no longer at
your hip. There remains only enough time to Thinkstrike. Turn
to 95.

76
The instant you make a move, the Droid, its computer brain
faster than a man's and without conscience, opens fire. You try
to avoid it but you are a nanosecond too slow and a flash of
glowing green energy explodes into your chest, throwing you
backwards. You land in a heap, barely conscious and unable to
move your limbs. Within seconds your helmet is removed and
you are given an anaesthetic drug. You slip into unconsciousness. When you wake up you find yourself in a small
room, antiseptic white. You have been placed in a detention
cubicle at the TIME headquarters. You have been relieved of
your command and suspended from TIME, pending a court
martial for disobeying a TIME Lord. Bloodhound is beyond your
help now - you will be lucky to retain your position as an agent.

77

80

A look-out in one of the round gate towers calls out as you cross
the ford and a group of people have gathered to look at you by
the time you reach the other side. About fifteen knights, all
dressed in chain mail and wearing the red cross of the mediaeval
crusaders, stare dourly at you. Seven women of varying ages,
dressed in pointed slippers, pastel coloured full length gowns
and tall pointed head dresses, stand behind them. There are also
three young children, one has three arms, another staring,
purple eyes, and the third, a girl-child, has two heads. They are
mutants. Each of the knights is armed with a particle disruptor
but some have swords strapped at their waists as well. Many
bear the scars of battle, grizzled veterans of many campaigns.
Their armour has a battered but functional look.

You assume a combat stance ready to take out the pilot who
tried to kill you before - maybe you can steal his plane. The
cockpit canopy slides back and a man dressed in something
vaguely akin to your environment suit climbs out. He walks
forward, hand extended in a gesture of peace. 'Look man, I'm
sorry, I really am. I didn't know who or what you were. I
thought you were something the Gra'ak had built. Sorry,' he
says in English with an American accent, and offers you his
hand to shake. When you do not take it he shrugs and goes on:
I'm Lieutenant Kowalski of the United States Air Force from
2012 AD. I was on a routine mission when I suddenly ended up
here. Some kind of time flux. Anyhow, you're in trouble, man!
Those Nazi guys are mean. And so are the Knights of Saint
John. I could help you ...' and he gazes at you through narrowed
eyes, 'I mean my Starfighter could really waste those guys, you
know. But you gotta make it worth my while. It's not a good idea
for me to mess with them - I'm on my own and they're a whole
battalion! So you gotta promise to get me outta here. If I help
you, you've gotta take me to your time, maybe even back to
mine. Deal?' He smiles winningly. Will you:

You are taken into the castle where there is a small green inside
the walls, or grey-green, for the grass has a dull grey sheen in
the half light of the great red moon. Beyond it is the largest
building in the settlement, a church with a tall steeple which has
recently tumbled down, throwing chunks of rock everywhere.
Turn to 97.

78
The reptile grunts in pain and shakes its head. It bellows in rage
but is still slightly dazed, giving you time to act. Will you:
Use your blaster, if you still have it?
Turn to 18
Use a Cold Lance, if you have one?
Turn to 58
Try your Powers of Will?
Turn to 328
Charge in and try to defeat it in hand to hand
combat?
Turn to 296

79
By the time you have made a wayward design in the sand with
the suit's lubricating fluid, it is worse than useless. Helpless with
mirth you scatter the pieces of the suit in all directions and walk
on. The urge to create has left you. Will you:
Turn left towards a part of the mist which
glows orange?
Turn right towards a purple haze?

Turn to 99
Turn to 109

Agree to take Kowalski with you?
Turn to 168
Decide it might change the timelines to do so
and refuse?
Turn to 350

81
There is a strange croaking roar from the Gra'aki and another
howl of agony from the poor devil they are tormenting.
Thankful that their grisly attentions are directed elsewhere, you
make good your escape from the domes of the Gra'ak. If you
have heard of a black pyramid, or of a Time Destabiliser, turn to
320. If not, turn to 226.

82
Your blow dents the man-things skull and it retreats back to the
manhole, mewling in pain before disappearing from view. You
move towards the gateway. Turn to 185.

83
As you make the necessary change of attitude to use your
blaster in anger, a torrent of rage overwhelms you. The blaster
goes off but you are so enraged that all sense leaves you. You
blast blindly for several minutes until the roof of the cave falls in
on you and you are crushed to death.

84
By drawing on the skills of a crack combateer you somehow
elude the precise hammer blows of its fists and hit back. The
monster half stumbles as you attack. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 82
If you score 2-4, turn to 92

85
The walrus-bird is almost upon you when the spitting energy of
your blaster rips its air-sac apart and it collapses in a mess of
blood and entrails at your feet. The stench is so disgusting that
you hold your breath until you are safely above ground once
again. Turn to 105.

86
Make an Attack Roll as you unleash the ravening power of your
blaster at the Droid.
If you score 2-6, turn to 138
If you score 7-12, turn to 126

87
A look-out in one of the round gate towers calls out as you cross
the ford and a group of people have gathered to look at you by
the time you reach the other side. About fifteen knights, all
dressed in chain mail and wearing the red cross of the mediaeval
crusaders stare dourly at you. Seven women of varying ages,
dressed in pointed slippers, pastel coloured full length gowns
and tall pointed head dresses, stand behind them. There are also
three young children, one has three arms, another staring,
purple eyes, and the third, a girl-child, has two heads. They are

mutants. Each of the knights is armed with a particle disruptor
but some have swords strapped at their waists as well. Many
bear the scars of battle, grizzled veterans of many campaigns.
Their armour has a battered but functional look.
You are taken into the castle where there is a small green inside
the walls, or grey-green, for the grass has a dull grey sheen in
the half light of the great red moon. Beyond it is the largest
building in the settlement, a church with a tall steeple which has
recently tumbled down, throwing chunks of rock everywhere.
Turn to 107.

88
You follow the compass heading west, skirting all signs of
habitation. Eventually you come to the crater where Falcon's
Wing lies. Kowalski is waiting for you and he greets you
enthusiastically, smiling broadly when you tell him of your
brush with the reptilian Gra'ak. But, try as you might, neither
you, Bloodhound nor CAIN is able to get Falcon's Wing to take
you home. You are marooned in this lonely, inhospitable place
for all eternity ...

commander to tie them to their chairs and turn the tank around.
They seem familiar with mind control, Bloodhound must have
given them a hard time. You ask one of them about Bloodhound,
and he says, maliciously, 'If you're looking for your friend,
you're too late - the Dragonmen took him. I expect he's long
been made a meal of,' and he laughs. Moments later, the radio
crackles into life, 'Otto, this is Meyer - what are you doing?
Stop, I order you!' Poking your head out of the hatch you can see
the other Tiger tanks in pursuit. One of them fires - a geyser of
dust erupts with a dull crump nearby. Your tank begins to climb
a ridge. You reach the top when there is an explosion and a flash
of flames. The tank shudders and slews to a stop, one of its
tracks blown off. You leap out of the turret and scramble down
the ridge. Turn to 396.

91
With a surge of relief that almost makes you giddy you see that
the rocket missed Falcon's Wing and you are able to land the
flyer safely and switch on the hologram generator. You decide
to explore on foot next time to avoid calling unwanted attention
to yourself and your Time Machine. Turn to 131.

89

92

There is but a split second in which reason may reassert itself in
your mind. Do you think:

The blow barely affects the pale green monster man. It doesn't
appear to be bred specifically for combat, it has no claws or
formidable teeth, but its bones and sinews are so tough it can
withstand an enormous amount of punishment. Its balled fist
slams into you repeatedly before you can regain your balance
after your attack. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, turn
to 102.

It is pointless to paint here because no-one will
see the work of art in the mist?
Turn to 119
That blood is unsuitable because it will lose its
glorious red colour when mixed with the
dust?
Turn to 129

93
90
With a great effort you manage to dominate both their minds at
once. It is all you can do to maintain your control. You force
them both to turn their weapons on their fellows, and then
remove your blindfold saying to the gunner and radioman: 'I
have them both under my power - if you make a move, they will
shoot you.' They gape in astonishment as you force the

The Ardann, unblinking and solemn, watch you go without
saying a word and you are happy to be able to leave of your own
tree will. Turn to 19.

94
To your surprise, these monsters move with the speed and poise
of crack combateers. Their huge fists are ideal weapons for hand

to hand fighting and their minds are immune to your mental
attacks for they have the psychic power of mind-bar. It does not
take long for them to reduce you to a bloody pulp, and then they
begin to feed.

95
The walrus-bird is on a collision course, its saw-edged beak
snapping predatorially as you hurl a blast of thought energy to
no avail. Its mind is not receptive to psychic attack. It flattens
you against the cavern wall, flailing with spikes and beak,
lacerating you horribly. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive,
turn to 115.

96
The glowing green beam of the stun lance flashes past you as
you dive and roll to your feet running for the internal hovrail
car. An alarm shrieks and a voice booms out, 'Intruder alert apprehend or disable. Do not kill, priority A1, repeat, Do not
kill.' The noise fills the vault with a cacophony of echoing sound.
At least Jobanque isn't going to have you terminated over this,
you think to yourself as you hurl yourself into a waiting hovrail
car. A beam of emerald energy from a droid's stun lance flashes
through the spot you have just left. Quickly you insert your
identity chip into the hovcar guidance computer, praying that
your Security Clearance hasn't yet been revoked. You heave a
sigh of relief as the doors hum shut and the hovrail shoots
forward like a bullet to maximum speed in seconds, the
acceleration slamming you back into your chair. You are
propelled deep into the Eiger Vault. Turn to 116.

97
'What manner of being is this, du Gueselin?' asks a grey haired
warrior with corded arm muscles and huge shoulders, of your
Knight.
'One like the other who came in the contraption that travels
across the days, Lord Leopold.' There is a hum of interest all
around you.

Du Gueselin holds up the sword with the cold blade. 'I have
recovered the Sacred Sword of Valois, our defence against the
squirrel people.' Will you:
Protest that it was you who found the sacred
sword?
Turn to 117
Let matters take their course?
Turn to 127

98
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank
5 filled with an awful whining sound. Then the commander
grunts in pain, he has been hit in the shoulder. The shock
galvanises his mind and you lose control of him. The gunner
leaps upon you, to be joined by the rest of the crew and within
moments you have been clubbed into unconsciousness. Turn to
276.

99
The orange glow of the mist seems to flicker strangely as if
spark flies had been caught in its silken folds, then you are
swathed in a deep golden pall of mist once more. It shimmers
around you and your mind is strangely afflicted. If you have
been surrounded by the yellow mist before, turn to 169. If not,
turn to 281.
100
The reptile grunts, throws back its head and collapses in a heap.
You dart forward towards the archway. Around one of the
forearms of the beast is a band of polished metal, brightly
painted with three bars of colour - red, green and yellow. You
pause at the entrance but all is quiet. Silently you glide into the
dome. Turn to 316.
101
As soon as Falcon's Wing has come out of null-space you look at
the digital read-out to check what time you are in. To your
horror it reads 99,999,999 AD. You ask CAIN to confirm this
date and the computer responds: 'My sensors indicate that the

read-out is incorrect. There are not enough digits to represent
the correct date, Falcon.'
'Do you mean that we're further into the future than a hundred
million years AD?'
That is correct, Falcon.'
Then lets jump back.'
'Before examining our surroundings?'
'Remember the Medawar syndrome, CAIN, it doesn't affect
you, but there is no knowing how quickly I will age so far out of
my own time. Every minute may put a year on my age.' You set
the co-ordinates for a return to your own time and engage the
Variac Drive, but nothing happens. CAIN does not report any
malfunction but when you try again there is the usual whine of
the drive but the read-out still shows 99,999,999 AD. 'Can we
be moving backwards in time in small steps towards 99,999,999
AD?' you ask.
'My sensors indicate that we are not moving at all, Falcon.' You
grimace at the console which houses CAIN and decide to take a
look at whatever is outside. Turn to 111.

102
The thing attacks again. You dodge aside, somehow eluding its
hammer blows, and hit back. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 82
If you score 2-6, turn to 112

103
As soon as you tell them who you are, you sense them becoming
interested. They tell you that they were asleep in their home
trees on the planet Arden one night and awoke on the dusty
plain of this planet. They have eked out a pitiful existence for
nearly ten Earth years, resigned to never setting foot on their

beautiful forested planet again. They are extremely shy and
your presence makes them very nervous, but they give you a
device like a compass which will allow you to home in on their
burrows if ever you need to and they ask you to help them to
return to Arden. They warn you of dangerous Earthers on the
planet, strange clouds that bring madness and a fearsome
sounding alien race which they call 'Reckless Devourers'. Being
face to face with you for this length of time is as much as they
can stand and they persuade you to leave, manipulating your
emotions so that you find yourself walking towards the huge
decaying building once more. Turn to 19.

104
You turn and press the gate with your palms but a terrible shock
galvanises your body, leaving you stunned. The gate is evidently
protected against outsiders. Before you can recover, the
monsters have attacked you with the reflexes and power of
crack combateers. It does not take long for them to reduce you
to a bloody pulp, and then they begin to feed.

105
You strike out once more towards the tall tower, hopeful of
finding someone or something to help you, or at least some
useful information. After a short journey during which your
head is bowed down with weariness, you look up at the tower.
Turn to 145.

106
You are a nanosecond too slow and a flash of glowing green
energy explodes into your chest, throwing you backward. You
land in a heap, barely conscious and unable to move your limbs.
Within seconds your helmet is removed and you are given an
anaesthetic drug. You slip into unconsciousness. When you
wake up you find yourself in a small, antiseptic white room. You
have been placed in a detention cubicle at the TIME headquarters. You have been relieved of your command and
suspended from TIME, pending a court martial for disobeying a
TIME Lord. Bloodhound is beyond your help now - you will be
lucky to retain your position as an agent.

107
'What manner of being is this du Gueselin?' asks a grey haired
warrior with corded arm muscles and huge shoulders, of your
Knight.
'One like the other who came in the contraption that travels
across the days. Lord Leopold.' There is a hum of interest all
around you.
'An infidel who has profaned the sacred sword of Valois.' Du
Gueselin points at the sword which you still carry.
'Burn the Infidel!' cries the girl with two heads, twice, together.
Will you:
Try to escape?
Ask them if they will let you pray in the
church?

environment. You are now cocooned in a chill blue glow. A
strange impression of peaceful serenity floods your mind and
then you shrink. Your size dwindles rapidly - and the ground
surges up towards you until you are no larger than an ant
perched between two grains of sand as large as small boulders. Uncannily the transformation barely perturbs you. The
thought of scrambling across the sea of sand grain boulders
seems too much trouble to contemplate. You settle down to
rest. Turn to 31, unless this is the second time you have shrunk,
in which case, turn to 149.

110
The driver, an unintelligent man used to following orders, falls
easily under your control. Will you:

Turn to 137
Turn to 307

Force him to turn the tank around?
Make him use the pistol he has on the tank
commander?

Turn to 336
Turn to 348

108
Thinking fast, you set a plasplode pack to detonate in five
minutes and toss it into the dome, knowing it will set off the rest
of the explosives when it goes off. You both spring for the edge
of the bowl-like depression housing the Gra'ak domes. You
scramble up the sides and throw yourselves flat, hugging the
ground. Scant seconds later, there is a massive roar and the
ground shudders beneath you. The shock wave almost tears
you off the ground but the depression has contained most of the
force of the explosion. Looking back, you see that the destruction is enormous. There is no sign of your pursuers and all of the
domes have been flattened except for one or two at the far end
of the bowl... 'Well, I'm not sorry to see that,' says Bloodhound.
'They were a vicious group of beings.' If you have heard of a
Black Monolith or a TIME de-stabiliser, turn to 320. If not, turn
to 226.

109
You step lightheartedly towards the purple haze, but as soon as
you enter it, you pass into an altogether less heartwarming

111

CAIN turns on the outside scanner for you which pans slowly
round in a circle. Falcon's Wing stands in the middle of a
depression filled with fine silt which forms small whirlpools in
the wind. It is quite dark outside and there are no signs of life,
save for a great crumbling edifice that rises above the lip of the
depression in the far distance. It looks like a high-tech building
put something is not quite right. You can't be sure but there is a
suggestion of decay and desolation about it as if the architects
had returned to dust aeons ago. You stare at the featureless
landscape. Reluctantly you decide to explore the inhospitable
environment. CAIN advises that the air is breathable but that
the oxygen content is slightly below that of Earth. The gravity is
almost identical to Earth's. Note on your agent profile whether
you are wearing your environment suit or not. Will you:
Use the flyer?
Or do you prefer to explore on foot?

Turn to 121
Turn to 131

112

116

You are bowed down under the weight of the blows which
reduce you gradually to a pulp. There is nothing you can do to
escape. Soon after you are dead it begins to feed.

The hovcar comes to a gut wrenching halt at the bay where
Falcon's Wing, your Time Machine, is housed. Looking out of
the car you can see two Security Droids waiting for you. Will
you:

'Because there are no home trees here,' says one of the Ardann
in a soft mellifluous voice. 'Why did you come to this planet?'
you ask.

Dive out of the car and come up firing?
Turn to 170
Walk out and say, 'I am Section Chief Falcon - use
voice verification. The intruder is in Section P
- Storage 5, proceed there immediately.'?
Turn to 178

'It just happened, we went to sleep on Arden and woke up here.'
'How long ago?' you ask.
'Nearly fifteen Arden cycles,' is the reply. As far as you can
remember that is over ten Earth years. You try to find out more,
but the Ardann are very nervous and they beg you to leave
before edging deeper into their underground warren. As soon
as you consider the idea of leaving it seems the only thing to do
and you almost fall over yourself in your haste to scramble
outside. After a few minutes the feeling wears off but you are
already on your way towards the huge building once more and
decide to continue. Turn to 19.

117
You protest that it was you who gave the sword to du Gueselin,
who turns a murderous look upon you. 'Lies!' he says. This
infidel profaned the Sacred Sword of Valois, and would have
thrown it down one of the cracks in the earth had I not wrested
it away by main force.'

Burn the Infidel!' cries the girl with two heads, twice, together.
Will you:
Try to escape?
Ask if they will let you pray in the church?

Turn to 137
Turn to 307

114
As soon as you touch the gate, a terrible shock jolts through
you. Lose 2 Endurance points. The gate must be protected against
outsiders. If you are still alive, you see that the gate has started
to slide open, enough for you to slip through into a lit passageway beyond. The boom-boom of the machinery buffets your
eardrums. Just then a gnarled fist smashes into your hip, a
bruising and battering blow. You lose 3 further Endurance points, but,
if you are still alive, the force of the blow has knocked you
through the gateway. Turn to 124.

115
You will have to fight the beast off with your bare hands. It
swoops on you once more. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 125
If you score 2-7, turn to 135

118
You send a bolt of mental force at the mind of the Saurian guard.
Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 100
If you score 2-7, turn to 78

119
Something seems to be whispering inside your head, but you
on remember that the mist will be blown away by the wind
sooner or later and then people will be able to admire your blood
painting. Picking up a jagged rock you gouge it into your wrist
laughing uproariously as a geyser of hot blood spatters to the
dust. You fall unconscious soon after your finger painting is
begun, never to reawaken. You have travelled to the end of time
but not lived long enough to tell the tale.

120
It grunts in agony and staggers a few steps towards you, its eyes
glazed but still burning with feral lust. Then the light fades from
its eyes and it collapses in a heap. Heaving a sign of profound
relief, you dart forward towards the archway. Around one of
the forearms of the beast is a band of polished metal, brightly
painted with three bars of colour - red, green and yellow. You
pause at the entrance but all is quiet. Silently you glide into the
dome. Turn to 316.

124

121
You press the button which sends your crash-couch up into
position inside the flyer's cockpit and check the instruments,
then the launch doors slide back and you are catapulted out over
the plain of dust. You cut the Ion Drive in as soon as Falcon's
Wing is out of the way and the stabilising gyro whines as you
bank and climb towards the great edifice. Once above the lip of
the depression, a vast panorama opens out. Slow senile rivers
meander across flat, dusty plains. The mountains to the east,
though high, are rounded like gently rolling hills, after aeons of
erosion. You catch sight of tracks below you as you skim along
at mach one and angle your flyer to follow them. Turn to 141.

122
The creature halts twenty feet away from you, watching and
waiting. As you watch, momentarily transfixed with horror,
more of the strange human-like beasts lever themselves out of
the shaft and close in. They look like cadavers, with their sickly
pale green skin and disk-like pale glowing eyes, but their
movements are lithe and quick. They are grotesque travesties of
the human form, over-sized heads as if they had water on the
brain, and many jointed, knobbled fingers make them look like
the bizarre creations of a mad professor. Ten of them have
closed in on you menacingly. Will you:
Run amongst them and attack?
Try desperately to push the gate open?
Slide it sideways?

123
You gingerly grip the flat sword blade with both hands and
wrench it backwards and forwards. The skull topples off and
falls to the ground where it splits apart. Inside is a piece of red
and white cloth. You try to let go of the sword to examine it but
your hands have gone numb and the sword sticks to them. If
you are wearing your environment suit, turn to 153. If not, turn
to 163.

Turn to 94
Turn to 104
Turn to 114

As soon as you are through the gate it slides shut once more
with a whir of heavy machinery cutting your assailants off from
you. There is a spate of sound like a blaster discharge, perhaps
they are trying to open the gate once more and suffering electric
shocks. You run down a featureless corridor into what is
evidently a lift. Turn to 214.

125
A great blow of your fist catches the monster between its eyes
and it falls back, its wings threshing ineffectually. You start to
climb up the sloping cavern wall and the walrus-bird seems
content to let its unwilling and obstreperous prey depart safely
now. Soon you are safely above ground once again.Turn to 105.

126
The plasma bolt lances into the droid and it explodes with a
thunderous roar, reduced to a heap of twisted metal in a brief
moment. The guard puts his hands up and backs away, saying:
'OK, Chief, OK, we were just following orders - it's not worth
any lives to try and stop you, sir, is it?' You shake your head and
run on to the hovrail car, covering the guard as you go. Quickly
you insert your identity chip into the hovcar guidance computer, praying that your Security Clearance hasn't yet been
revoked. You heave a sigh of relief as the doors hum shut and
the hovrail shoots forward like a bullet to maximum speed in
seconds, the acceleration slamming you back into your chair.
You are propelled deep into the Eiger Vault. Turn to 116.

127

130

The knights ask you if you are similar to the man called
Bloodhound. You tell them that you are and ask where he is, but
they answer, 'First, we must pray.' Inside the abbey an old monk
leads the service and they pray for deliverance from purgatory.
Tor have we not smitten the Mohammedan Infidel and delivered the Holy Lord from Saladin?' As you do not know any
prayers you bow your head in silence. The Sword of Valois is
placed on the altar and left there. Afterwards they invite you to
eat with them in the abbey and, as you are both hungry and
thirsty, you thank them. Turn to 167.

'What,' stutters Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer, 'You cannot be
serious, sir.' Then he looks at you and shouts at the guards: 'It is
mind trickery! Disable the prisoner!' You leap to your feet but
there are too many of them - one of them drives his rifle into
your solar plexus and you double up in pain. The physical shock
causes you to lose control of Ernst Fromm. He jumps up and
shouts in rage, 'You will pay for this Schweinhund,' he cries.
Take the filth away and reduce it to a mewling dog,
Hauptsturmfuhrer - I want the dog obedient and willing. And
under close guard, not least to prevent escape, but also to
prevent a repeat of the Dragonmen's last bloody raid. We must
not lost this one. Heil!'

128
He collapses like a sack of potatoes as you blast his mind with a
Thinkstrike. Quickly you put on his clothes, wrapping your face
up in his scarf. You open the door and stride boldly out into the
open. The door is flanked by two soldiers on guard. A sergeant
leans against the wall of the hut. As you set off towards the
compound gates, the sergeant says, 'Where's the prisoner,
Rudolf. I thought you were going to take him to the
Standartenfuhrer?' The gates, manned by a couple of sentries,
are only fifty yards away. Will you:
Thinkstrike the sergeant and make a dash for
the gate?
Turn to 136
Mumble, 'No, no, not yet,' and try to control the
sergeant with Power of Will?
Turn to 198

129
Still laughing, you decide against using your own blood to paint
with because it will only turn a dull brown colour in the dust.
Something seems to be whispering inside your head, you still
want to paint and search for inspiration and one after another
ideas pop into your mind. Do you:
Use your blaster if you think that would make
an interesting work of art?
Turn to 139
Make a collage out of pieces of your coloured
tunic?
Turn to 267

'Heil, Hitler!' shouts the Hauptsturmfuhrer and the guards grab
you and carry you bodily out of the wooden cottage, taking
great pains to ensure you are uncomfortable. Turn to 400.

131
It is a difficult climb to the lip of the depression and you find
yourself slipping backwards in a small avalanche of fine silt
several times. When at last you crest the lip a wide vista lies
before you. For the most part it is a featureless plain stretching
towards the great edifice. Everything has been worn down. The
mountains which rise purple in the distance are high but they
look more like gently rolling hills, their crags eroded over the
aeons. The dust which lies everywhere underfoot is multicoloured, grey, red, yellow and many other hues, as if all of the
compounds and elements on the surface of the planet had been
rubbed off and mixed together. You have been walking for some
time when you come to a set of tracks, hoofprints, crossing your
path at right angles. Will you:
Follow the hoofprints?
Walk on towards the decayed high-tech
building?

Turn to 3
Turn to 13

132
The gate doesn't budge an inch, but as soon as you touch it, a

terrible shock jolts through you. Lose 2 Endurance points. Evidently
the gate is protected against outsiders. If you are still alive, the
creature draws back its fist to pulverise you and you decide to
make a desperate effort to open the gate. Will you:
Put your shoulder to the door and push as hard
as you can?
Turn to 332
Try instead to slide it open?
Turn to 342
If you think touching the door might kill you,
you will have to give battle instead.
Turn to 352

133
The gravel gives way to a featureless dusty plain once more and
you make towards a low pock-marked hillock. After a while you
cross a set of tracks which stretch towards nothing to either side
as far as the eye can see. They remind you of fish bones, a series
of parallel indentations made by a very heavy vehicle, but there
is no indication as to what drove it or whether it is a robot. You
trudge on towards the hillock and realise that you are growing
thirsty. Turn to 183.

134
The platform turns out to be a moving gantry. When you set
foot on it a hydraulic arm moves the platform towards a bank of
controls. The dials show the pressure in each of four impulse
chambers which drive the great piston. Each dial is divided into
three parts. Marked LOW DANGER - IMPLOSIVE, NORMAL
OPERATIONAL and HIGH DANGER - EXPLOSIVE. The
needles on dials one, three and four are well into the red band
marked HIGH DANGER - EXPLOSIVE. Above each dial on the
control panel is a lever marked Impulse Power Control. Each has
three optional settings all currently at the high setting. Will you:
Climb down from the platform and go to the
lift?
Turn to 144
Reduce the Impulse Power setting a notch for
the number two chamber?
Turn to 154
Reduce the setting a notch for the number four
channel?
Turn to 164

135
You lash out savagely but the blow is caught within the soft
folds of the beast's wing and once more you are lacerated by
spikes and beak. Lose 4 Endurance points. You have no choice but to
fight on. Return to 115 and roll again.

136
The sergeant reels back in pain and sinks to his knees. You run
on, sprinting for the gate as the sentries shout, 'Halt, halt!'
There is the chatter of a projectile weapon and the last thing you
notice is the watch tower guns blazing away at you. Your body is
riddled with bullets and you are hurled backwards to die in the
dust of the compound.
137
Will you:

Try to grab the nearest child, the boy with the
purple eyes, and hold him hostage?
Turn to 187
Thinkstrike du Gueselin and take his particle
disruptor?
Turn to 197
Try to control the mind of Duke Leopold?
Turn to 207

138
The bolt of superheated plasma flies past the droid to crash into
the wall of the vault with explosive force. Shattered masonry
and twisted metal erupt outwards with a thunderous roar. The
Droid fires its stun lance - desperately you try to dodge it. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-7, turn to 106
If you score 8-12, turn to 96

139
Whipping out your blaster, you fire it into the dusty sand and
whoop with delight as the dust turns red and begins to flow like
lava. After ten minutes, you have created a molten lake between
glassy pink mountains shot with black fissures, a diorama of the
surface of the planet Mercury. The sand has turned into opaque

glass. Then your blaster runs out. You hurl it aside in frustration and walk away from your masterpiece. The compulsion
to create has been lifted. Will you walk towards:
Turn to 99
Turn to 109

An orange glow?
A purple haze?

142
As soon as you touch the gate, a terrible shock jolts through
you. Lose 2 Endurance points. The gate must be protected against
outsiders. If you are still alive, you see that the gate has started
to slide open, enough for you to slip through into a lit
passageway beyond. The boom-boom of the machinery buffets
your eardrums. As the creature draws back its fist to pulverise
you, you leap through the gateway. Turn to 362.

140
You hit the ground and a ball of yellow energy flies over your
head to explode some distance behind you. As you sit up, you see
the Saurian go into some kind of frenzy, its jaws snap wildly and
it bounds towards you, howling horribly. The hackles on the
back of your neck rise as you are gripped with instinctive fear,
the prey's fear of the predator. Desperately you fire your blaster
again, the creature is almost upon you, its breath foul and its
gaping jaw running with saliva. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 248
If you score 2-6, turn to 410

141
In the distance below, you catch sight of something moving
along one of the tracks and throttle back, diving to investigate. It
is a technological artefact and some kind of being ducks inside a
turret that revolves slowly on top of it, closing the hatch as your
flyer approaches. The vehicle is a heavy looking machine made
of metal. There is a staccato noise and brief spurts of flame erupt
from one side of the turret, but it is not until the flyer rocks
alarmingly that you realise you are being fired at by a primitive
projectile weapon, a machine gun. The gyro screams in protest
as you bank left and leave the machine behind, but there was
something familiar about it. Will you:
Increase speed and fly an evasion pattern over
it to take another look?
Turn to 151
Fly on along the track?
Turn to 161
Return to Falcon's Wing and explore on foot? Turn to 171

143
Your Thinkstrike is likely to be little more than a futile act of
desperation. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 283
If you score 2-7, turn to 193

144
As soon as you step away from the control platform a klaxon
sounds and the air begins to shimmer all around it. It looks like a
highly advanced force field. Before you can investigate your
attention is claimed by a horde of misshapen humans, glowing a
vile pale green, who run towards you. They have bloated heads
and heavy, many jointed hands, which they are waving about in
a war-like fashion. You decide to hide in the lift. Turn to 214.

145
A low drone and the steady thump thump of a machine so large
that the noise it produces is almost below the range of human
hearing seems to fill the air. The noise reverberates so deeply it
is as if the outside of the huge tower were pulsing rhythmically,
displacing the air in constant ripples. It is impossible to guess the
height of the tower, but it must be several miles around at the
base. Though you scan the intervening terrain for signs of life
there is not a single building, highway or even a set of tracks in
sight. The deep thump, thump booms on. Turn to 155.

146
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank is
filled with an awful whining sound. Then the bullet slams into

the commander's chest and he collapses. Whilst the driver
covers the other two crewmen, you remove the blindfold.
Quickly you tie them up and then order the driver to turn the
tank around and drive away at full speed. Moments later, the
radio crackles into life, 'Otto, this is Meyer - what are you
doing? Stop, I order you!' Poking your head out of the hatch you
can see the other Tiger tanks in pursuit. One of them fires - a
geyser of dust erupts with a dull crump nearby. Your tank
begins to climb a ridge. You reach the top when there is an
explosion and a flash of flames. The tank shudders and slews to
a stop, one of its tracks blown off. You leap out of the turret and
scramble down the ridge. Turn to 396.

147
Stepping from the yellow light you are momentarily bathed in
an orange glow that makes your skin look grey and hollow, like a
cadaver, but your next step plunges you into the layers of red
mist which lies beyond. Evidently the mist turns orange where
red and yellow meet. If you have already been smothered in the
red mist, turn to 159. Otherwise, turn to 337.

148
Frantically you press the buttons. For a moment nothing
happens; but then the capsule around Bloodhound cracks and
opens up like a blossoming flower. You heave a sigh of relief.
'Come on Blood, we've little time,' you shout, and grabbing his
arm rush back into the dome and outside. About three hundred
yards away, a pack of reptiles, howling and slavering menacingly, are hurtling toward you. If you have some plasplode,
turn to 108. If not, turn to 38.

149
All will to survive leaves you. The effort of will which was
required for you to leave last time is now beyond you. The
strange cloud is settled all around and your life force is drawn
inexorably into the chill incandescent mist.

150
He takes a step towards the droid, when the man in the dome

reaches over and does something at an instrument panel. The
guard's power armour freezes instantly, immobilising him.
Obviously, the Eiger Vault guards have power armour that is
controlled from the Dome - an excellent defence against those
who have powers of the mind. Almost certainly the Dome is
resistant to mental attack - security at the vault is good. You
have no choice but to run for the hovrail and try to dodge the
security droid as it readies its stun lance. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-6, turn to 106
If you score 7-12, turn to 96

151
As you curve around and swoop towards the machine once
more, you catch sight of two large animals moving across the
plain, but the flyer flashes back towards the tracks before you
can identify them. The machine gun rattles once more but the
flyer is too fast for them to catch in their sights and this time you
see all you need to. The historical film footage you saw at the
Academy of World War II showed such machines. It is a Tiger
tank, sporting a large black swastika, rumbling slowly across the
plain. Will you:
Turn to 161
Fly on along the track?
Land the flyer some way ahead of it and try to
Turn to 181
meet whatever is inside?

152
The creature lashes out with its fist catching your hip which is
badly battered and bruised. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still
alive you are surprised to see the monstrous parody of humanity back off a few paces, then stop, watching and waiting. As
you watch, momentarily transfixed with horror, more of the
strange human-like beasts lever themselves out of the shaft and
close in. They look like cadavers, with their sickly pale green skin
and disk-like pale glowing eyes, but their movements are lithe
and quick. They are grotesque travesties of the human form,
over sized heads as if they had water on the brain, and many
jointed, knobbled fingers make them look like the bizarre

creations of a mad professor. Ten of them have closed in on you
menacingly. Will you:
Run amongst them and attack?
Try desperately to push the gate open?
Slide it sideways?

Turn to 94
Turn to 104
Turn to 114

153
The metal blade of the sword is so cold that it is eating into the
palms of your suit. It takes all of your strength to wrench the
sword out of the gravel and strike it against the ground until it
falls free, but the sword takes the palms of your suit with it. The
cold has stopped the suit sealing automatically and it is no longer
air tight. The effort of moving inside it in the low oxygen
atmosphere is great and you decide to leave the suit behind.
Note that you are not wearing your environment suit on your
agent profile. The red and white piece of cloth is made of natural
fibre, it is coarse and seems to have been hand made, but is
otherwise uninteresting. Will you:
Examine the sword once more, this time lifting
it by the hilt?
Turn to 173
Continue on your way?
Turn to 133

154
The lever clicks down one notch and the dials react immediately.
Chambers one, three and four return to normal working
pressure, but the needle on the dial for chamber two dives far
into the blue, LOW, DANGER - IMPLOSIVE. You reach for the
lever to reset it, but with a great whoof, the side of the gigantic
cylinder implodes and you are sucked inside it. The piston hits
you on its upward stroke, smashing you to a thin film on the
cylinder head.

155
There are no heliport pads or jetcopter launch bays in the
smooth-sided tower, nor do you espy any windows opening out
onto this barren twilight world. There is no light from the
tower, just the steady boom, boom of ponderous machinery.
Turn to 165.

156
You are too slow and a shell explodes close by. You are lifted into
the air and thrown onto a boulder, hard, by the shock wave. The
impact stuns you. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
fall in a heap, behind the line of worn and pitted boulders. At
least you are out of sight. Shaking your head to clear the
dizziness, you run to the right and then clamber up a rocky
outcrop, exposing yourself momentarily before darting down
the other side. You scramble on until you descend into a small
gully where you pause to examine your pursuers. Turn to 8.

157
The effort of marshalling your will is great but you manage to
regain your mental balance and decide to press on, calmly, to
escape from the cloying vapours. AH around you is a
luminescent yellow glow, but on one side it is tinged with green,
on the other orange. Will you walk towards:
The green glow?
The orange?

Turn to 415
Turn to 147

your Security Clearance hasn't yet been revoked. You heave a
sigh of relief as the doors hum shut and the hovrail shoots
forward like a bullet to maximum speed in seconds, the
acceleration slamming you back into your chair. You are
propelled deep into the Eiger Vault. Turn to 116.

159
There is an awful howling and roaring in your ears. Your head
pounds with pain and you feel nausea rising to claim you.
Secondary exposure to the red mist is causing brain damage.
Subtract 1 from your Power of Will and Thinkstrike Modifiers. Will you
stagger towards:
An orange glow?
A purple haze?

Turn to 99
Turn to 109

160
Meyer has thrown off your mental assault. Suddenly there is a
deafening bang in your ears and everything goes black. The SS
guards have shot you dead.

158

161

You sprint for the hovrail car as the guard steps in front of the
Security Droid. Then the man in the Dome reaches over and
does something at an instrument panel. The guard's power
armour freezes instantly, immobilising him. Obviously, the
Eiger Vault guards have power armour that is controlled from
the Dome - an excellent defence against those who have powers
of the mind. Almost certainly the Dome is resistant to mental
attack - security at the vault is good. However, the droid's aim
has been blocked long enough for you to reach the hovrail car.
An alarm shrieks and a voice booms out, 'Intruder alert - apprehend or disable. Do not kill, priority A1, repeat, do not kill.' The
noise fills the vault with a cacophony of echoing sound. At least
Jobanque isn't going to have you terminated over this, you think
to yourself as you hurl yourself into a waiting hovrail car. A
beam of emerald energy from a droid's stun lance flashes
through the spot you have just left. Quickly you insert your
identity chip into the hovcar guidance computer, praying that

The track stretches away across broken ground towards the
horizon. Just as you are overflying what looks like camouflage
nets covering quite a large area your eye is caught by a flashing
light on the radar display. There is a shrieking roar and a jetpropelled fighter aircraft of the early twenty-first century
hurtles across your nose at mach three. It carries the letters
USAF, and is armed with missiles. The fighter pulls into a steep
climb and you realise that it is going to loop the loop and fly at
you, from behind, perhaps on an attack run. Will you:
Increase speed to mach four and head back to
Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 191
Land?
Turn to 201
Continue as you are?
Turn to 211

162
The gate doesn't budge an inch, but as soon as you touch it, a

terrible shock jolts through you. Lose 2 Endurance points. Evidently
the gate is protected against outsiders. If you are still alive, you
are pulling yourself together again when the monster's fist
smashes into your hip, bruising and battering. Lose 3 further
Endurance points. If you are still alive, will you:
Put your shoulder to the door and push as hard
as you can?
Turn to 332
Try instead to slide it open?
Turn to 342
Think that touching the door might kill you, so
you will have to give battle instead?
Turn to 352

163
The sword is so cold, it is sticking to the palms of your hands.
Suddenly the cold bites with a burning pain. You heave the
sword out of the gravel and use all your strength, striking it
against the ground until it falls free, taking the skin off the
palms of your hands with it. Lose 3 Endurance points. The red and
white piece of cloth is made of natural fibre, it is coarse and
seems to have been hand made, but is otherwise uninteresting.
Will you:
Examine the sword once more, this time
picking it up by the hilt?
Continue on your way?

Turn to 173
Turn to 133

164
The needle clicks down one notch and the dials react immediately. Chamber four returns to normal but the dials for the
other chambers also change, there must be a servo-feedback
mechanism between each impulse chamber. One and three are
still on the edge of the red HIGH DANGER - EXPLOSIVE band
whilst number two has dropped to the top of the blue LOW
DANGER - IMPLOSIVE band. Even as you watch, the needles
creep upwards once more and still the piston booms rhythmically. Will you:
Head for the lift now?
Turn to 144
Pull the lever for chamber one down a notch? Turn to 174
Push the lever for chamber two up a notch? Turn to 184

165
As you stand within a stone's throw of the tower whose tip you
can no longer see above the arching expanse that points to the
stars, you notice a gateway some way off to your right. On your
way to investigate, you literally stumble across a large circular
manhole cover. Grains of sand dance upon its silver shiny
surface to the time of the machinery's thumping which sounds
louder through a small vent in the manhole cover. Will you:
Pry open the manhole?
Walk straight to the plasteel gateway?

Turn to 175
Turn to 185

166
You try as hard as you can to move yourself but you cannot
overcome the effects of the Security Droids' attack in time.
Moments later they have anaesthetised you and you wake up in
a detention cell where you will be kept for some time to cool off.
You never have another opportunity to go after Bloodhound.
He is but a memory.

167
As you walk to a low stone building with open arrow slits for
windows, one of the younger knights talks to you in an
undertone. 'My Lords think this is purgatory, but if this is
purgatory, why do their heads grow grey? Surely you must
know.' You find the idea that this world is a stepping stone to
heaven comical, but you reply that you are not yet sure.
'Beware,' says the young knight, 'for my Lords will want to use
the house which travels across the days to journey to paradise.'
He is ordered to a lower table, you are to dine at the high table
with du Gueselin, Duke Leopold and the other lords. Turn to
177.

168
'Hey that's great! Really great!' He is almost hopping with joy.
'Listen, I've located your Time Machine. It's west of here. Take
this compass - it'll help you get there,' and he hands you a small
magnetic device. 'I'll be waiting for you there. The other thing is

- I know where the other guy, the one like you, Bloodhound, I
know where he is.' You start in anticipation. The Gra'ak have
him prisoner so they can force him to get them out of this
godforsaken hole. The Gra'ak are these reptilian-like aliens, real
mean carnivores - eat anything that moves. Pretty advanced
too. They live in grey domes on a plain of blue rock, near the
Future Earthers,' and he points at the tower on the sky line.
'OK, I'm going up to give those Nazi son-of-bitches hell - just
like my great grandaddy did. You get moving - I'll deal with
them!' With that he gives you a hearty slap on the back and
dashes to his plane. The jet whines as he revs the engine and
then it lifts straight up and roars away. Turn to 406.

169
Your sanity is beginning to suffer. You feel more alone than
ever before, worse even than when you were lost in time, after
jumping forward to 4000 AD, for now it seems you have no
friends in any world or at any time. Who will weep for you if you
never return? Before utter despair grips you, you can try to
make one last attempt to escape from the many hued mist. Will
you:
Thinkstrike it, in case it has some form of
mind?
Turn to 179
Try to subdue any alien will that may be part
of it?
Turn to 189
Run as fast as you can even though you will not
be able to see where you are going?
Turn to 209
Call for help?
Turn to 199

170
The door slides open and you throw yourself out, rolling along
the ground. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 2-7, turn to 188
If you score 8-12, turn to 200

171
You land safely in Falcon's Wing once more. Will you don your

environment suit or explore without it? Note your decision and
set out. Turn to 131.

172
As soon as you touch the gate, a terrible shock jolts through
you. Lose 2 Endurance points. The gate must be protected against
outsiders. If you are still alive, you see that the gate has started
to slide open, enough for you to slip through into a lit
passageway beyond. The boom-boom of the machinery buffets
your eardrums. Just then the monster's fist smashes into your
hip, bruising and battering it. You lose 3 further Endurance points but,
if you are still alive, the force of the blow has knocked you
through the gateway. Turn to 362.

173
Gingerly touching the hilt reveals that it is insulated. Though
cool to the touch it is not painful, but the blade is extremely cold,
moisture condenses on it and turns to frost even as you watch.
You may carry the sword if you wish, being careful not to let the
blade touch you, or you may drag it along behind you using the
piece of red and white cloth, or you may simply leave it behind.
Note what you choose to do and continue on your way. Turn to
133.

174
The lever clicks down one notch and the dials react immediately.
Chambers one, three and four return to normal working
pressure, but the needle on the dial for chamber two dives far
into the blue, LOW DANGER - IMPLOSIVE ... You reach for
the lever to reset it, but with a great whoof, the side of the
gigantic cylinder implodes and you are sucked inside it. The
piston hits you on its upward stroke, smashing you to a thin film
on the cylinder head.

175
There is nowhere to gain an easy grip on the manhole cover and
you are forced to spend a few minutes clearing away a crust of
hardened sand until you can inch your fingers below its edge. As
soon as the disk of metal comes up, the booming sound is twice

as loud, but all you can see is a dark tunnel, with a ladder
stretching vertically down into darkness. Will you:
Climb down the tunnel?
Press on to the plasteel gateway?

Turn to 195
Turn to 205

176
You dive behind a boulder as another shell lands, spattering the
rock with shrapnel. At last you are out of sight. You run to the
right and then clamber up a rocky outcrop, exposing yourself
momentarily before darting down the other side. You scramble
on until you descend into a small gully where you pause to
examine your pursuers. Turn to 8.

177
The food served up by the women is poor fare - no meat, just a
type of sweet, though coarse, grass and a mush made of some
kind of unwholesome beans, similar to lentil stew. During the
meal you learn much that is of interest. The knights were
magically transported from their island home, Malta, to this
planet which they imagine to be Purgatory. All had taken part in
the crusades to liberate the Holy Land from the Infidel Turks
and expect to be rewarded for their bloodthirstiness by going to
Heaven, when their allotted time here in inhospitable limbo is
served. Bloodhound has been captured by the 'Devil Dragons'
who live in a range of low black hills to the north. You ask what
these 'Devil Dragons' are like, but they are superstitious and will
not talk of them. When you ask them where they got their
advanced weapons however, they tell you readily. The great
pointed tower,' says Duke Leopold, waving in the direction of
the great edifice which reaches towards the red moon. The
Strange Ones gave us them so that we might protect ourselves/
du Gueselin says, 'as flies to wanton boys are we to the Strange
Ones, they use us for their sport.' An argument develops about
whoever the Strange Ones are and the young knight, who calls
himself Bertrand, comes to your table and beckons you outside.
They plan to force you to use your home that travels from day
to day to go to Heaven. They will kill you if you do not give it to
them. You had better leave. Remember me, you can return with

the Strange Ones. I would fain travel with you, this place pleases
me not.' Turn to 297.

The tank shudders and slews to a stop, one of its tracks blown
off. You leap out of the turret and scramble down the ridge.
Turn to 396.

178
The Droids seem to hesitate. One of them grates, 'Voice
identification verified. Section Chief Falcon - you are under
arrest ... Prime Directive dichotomy - must obey verified
operatives of TIME with clearance code Theta or higher.'There
is a moment's silence as the two droids wait motionless,
whirring and clicking. The other says mechanically: 'We will
proceed to Section P - Storage 5 as directed. Please place
yourself under arrest and await our return. Thank you, sir.'The
two droids rise up on their hovpads and glide away. Smiling to
yourself, you run towards Falcon's Wing which stands in its bay,
its bright silver and red markings gleaming in the lights of the
Eiger Vault. Turn to 46.

179
In a last desperate effort, your thought explodes into a
maelstrom of mental energy all around you and the yellow
shimmering fades, to be replaced by a gentle silver radiance that
bathes you in light. Turn to 219.
180
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank is
filled with an awful whining sound. Then the bullet slams into
the gunner's chest and he collapses. You force the commander
to tell the driver to turn the tank around as fast as possible. They
seem familiar with mind control, Bloodhound must have given
them a hard time. You ask one of them about Bloodhound, and
he says, maliciously, 'If you're looking for your friend, you're too
late - the Dragonmen took him, I expect he's long been made a
meal of,' and he laughs. Moments later, the radio cackles into
life, 'Otto, this is Meyer - what are you doing? Stop, I order you!'
Poking your head out of the hatch you can see the other Tiger
tanks in pursuit. One of them fires - a geyser of dust erupts with
a dull crump nearby. Your tank begins to climb a ridge. You
reach the top when there is an explosion and a flash of flames.

181
You fly on for about two miles, then settle gently towards the
dusty ground. You camouflage your flyer as best you can,
smearing dirt all over it, and then walk back down the tracks
towards the tank. As you emerge from behind a hillock you see a
man on horseback, wearing a long corselet of metal rings and
carrying a shield, some way away, who begins to canter in your
direction. You walk to meet him. Turn to 271.

182
Though the dull reverberation of the machinery seems to fill
your mind, you have the uncomfortable feeling that something
is on the ladderway above you, following you down into the
subterranean depths of the tower. You climb on down the
tunnel for two hundred feet or more before a glimmer of orange
light filters up the vertical tunnel. Turn to 232.

183
At the hillock you pause and survey the scenery. A steady
chugging of heavy machinery causes you to turn and you see a
large metallic vehicle lumbering towards you on caterpillar
tracks. A turret on top of the main body carries a large projectile
weapon, a barrel which locks onto you as the machine moves. A
second and a third appear over a low rise. You recognise them as
Tiger tanks, from a 20th century war, known as WWII. Their
markings would seem to indicate an SS battalion. There is
nowhere to hide out here in the open. Will you:
Go for your blaster?
Await developments?
Run down the other side of the hillock?

Turn to 203
Turn to 213
Turn to 396

184
The lever clicks up one notch and the dial for chamber two

returns well into the red once more with the other three dials.
Will you:
Give up and make for the lift?
Depress the lever for chamber one a single
notch?

Turn to 144
Turn to 194

185
The breeze drops completely as you stand before the smooth
plasteel gateway. There is no handle, no electrolock that you can
see, no track before it nor any indication that it has been opened
within the last few thousand years. Is the tower a hollow coffin,
the only moving thing within ancient machinery built to serve a
race that has long ago dwindled and died out? Turn to 245.

186
With a supreme effort of will you manage to throw off the
effects of the droids' stun beam before they have reached you.
Turn to 200.

187
With the reflexes of a panther you scoop the boy up in your
arms and back away towards the castle gate, telling the knights
that you will set him free within sight of the castle if you are not
followed. They swear to kill you if you do not keep your word.
The boy starts to scream, but they let you go and you see no
signs of pursuit, though one of the women beseeches her lord to
save their son. The Lord smiles and says, as you duck outside the
castle wall: 'The stranger may regret his choice of captive.' Turn
to 287.

188
You come to your feet, only to be greeted by a criss-cross
pattern of green energy bolts, one of which takes you in the
chest. You stiffen in pain and collapse, momentarily stunned.
The droids speed towards you, hov engines humming. Desperately you try to force your body to obey you. Make a Power
of Will Roll.
If you score 2-7, turn to 166
If you score 8-12, turn to 186

189
You struggle to summon up the strength to resist the yellow
waves of paranoia which threaten to engulf you, but the strain
of this strange environment is turning you insane. If you break
and run in panic, turn to 209. If you continue to exert your will,
turn to 229. Or do you:
Call for help?
Try a desperate Thinkstrike?

Turn to 199
Turn to 179

happens. In sudden panic you start to run blindly through the
yellow luminescence. Turn to 381.

194
Adjusting the impulse power to cylinder one, the master
cylinder, produces the required effect. The needles on all four
dials stabilise in the middle of the white NORMAL, OPERATIONAL band. The noise made by the piston descends to a
more tolerable level. Turn to 204.

190
You have only a few moments in which to act before Fromm can
reach you. Will you:
Try to control the soldier about to shoot you
and make him fire at Meyer by using your
Power of Will?
Turn to 280
Try to control Meyer and force him to order
the guards to wait?
Turn to 368

191
The USAF fighter gives chase and fires a homing rocket which
you will do well to evade. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 221
If you score 2-6, turn to 231

192
As you climb back up the rungs to the level of the two green
points of light set close together they flicker once, then seemingly draw back into a dark recess. Will you:
Climb past them, out of the manhole then onto
the gateway?
Turn to 205
Reach out questingly towards the lights?
Turn to 275

195
As you descend into the darkness, unpleasant musty smells and
dank clamminess conspire to make you feel claustrophobic. In
the darkness you spot two pale green spots of luminous light
shining from an area which you thought was a blank wall just to
the right of the ladder. Will you:
Continue your climb down carefully?
Turn to 255
Climb up and out before walking to the
gateway?
Turn to 205
Push away from the ladder to let yourself drop
into the darkness?
Turn to 265
Reach out questingly towards the lights?
Turn to 275

196
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank is
filled with an awful whining sound. Suddenly, a hammerblow
takes you in the leg and you spin around as your thigh burns
with pain. The bullet has hit you. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are
still alive, the wound causes you to lose control of the
commander - he and the gunner leap on you and within
moments you have been clubbed into unconsciousness. Turn to
276.

193

197

You hurl a directionless blast of mental energy, like an explosion of thought, into the swirling yellow vapours, but nothing

You hurl a thought at du Gueselin but nothing happens, then
the sacred sword whines suddenly. 'Sorcerer!' cries one of the

women. The men point their disruptors at you. Will you:
Protest that you are not a sorcerer?
Use your Power of Will to control Lord
Leopold?

Turn to 217
Turn to 227

198
The sergeant seems puzzled by your words, but you attempt to
seize his mind before he can act. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 376
If you score 2-6, turn to 408

199
You cry out for aid, strong pleas which belie your helplessness to
begin with, but the mist deadens your voice, you are imprisoned
in a soft tomb of soundlessness. Despairing that your pleas will
go unheard, you cry again, your voice cracking with fear and
effort; but there is no answer. The mist seems to close in around
you, like the tendrils of some awful marsh eater plant from the
Siltworlds. If you break and run in panic, turn to 209. If you try
to fight on against the madness, turn to 239.

200
You come to your feet, blaster at the ready, as bolts of green
energy fly past you, criss-crossing the air around you. They
slam into the walls with a hiss. You unleash a blast of plasma at
one of the droids, reducing it to its component parts with an
incandescent flash. Molten metal sputters and bubbles. The
other continues to fire at you, but another well-placed shot from
your blaster burns it away. Falcon's Wing stands in its bay, its
bright red and silver markings gleaming in the lights of the Eiger
Vault. Turn to 46.

explosion behind you as a rocket fired by the fighter blows your
craft to pieces. Debris flies all around you but you are mercifully
unhurt. You decide to lie low for a time as the fighter screams
overhead once more. After a time you strike out for a low, pockmarked hillock. Turn to 183.

202
As you watch, momentarily transfixed with horror, strange
human-like beasts lever themselves out of the manhole shaft
and close in. They look like cadavers, with their sickly pale green
skin and disk-like, pale, glowing eyes, but their movements are
lithe and quick. They are grotesque travesties of the human
form, over sized heads as if they had water on the brain, and
many jointed, knobbled fingers make them look like the bizarre
creations of a mad professor. Ten of them have closed in on you
menacingly. Will you:
Run amongst them and attack?
Try desperately to push the gate open?
Slide the gate sideways?

Turn to 94
Turn to 104
Turn to 114

203
If you decide to open fire with your blaster at 1,000 yards, turn
to 223. If you decide to await developments, turn to 213. If
instead you decide to run away, down the hillock, turn to 396.

204

201

As soon as you step away from the control platform a klaxon
sounds and the air begins to shimmer all around it. It looks like a
highly advanced force field. Before you can investigate your
attention is claimed by a horde of misshapen humans, glowing a
vile pale green, who run towards you. They have bloated heads
and heavy, many-jointed hands, which they are waving about in
a war-like fashion. You decide to hide in the lift. Immediately
you step into it the door shuts and it hums upward. Turn to 234.

The flyer slows and settles towards the ground. The fighter
screams above you before beginning another banking turn to
approach you again. As soon as the flyer has landed you jump
out and begin to run. Seconds later there is an almighty

Make a note of any special preparation or other action you
decide to make before advancing to the gateway. Turn to 215.

205

206
Make a Power of Will Roll as you try to control both their
minds, a difficult task.
If you score 9-12, turn to 90
If you score 2-8, turn to 68

207
You summon up your will to subdue the mind of Lord Leopold
but your mental attack does not get through. The sword whines
eerily and frost drops from it to the ground.'Sorcerer!'cries one
of the women. The men point their disruptors at you. You
protest that you are no sorcerer and the girl with two heads says
twice, together, Throw the Infidel into the river, the Lord our
God will show us what to do.' There is a chorus of assent and
one of the knights steps forward to bind you hand and foot. Will
you:
Try again to control the mind of Lord
Leopold?
Allow the knight to truss you like a turkey?

Turn to 227
Turn to 237

208
There is a deafening report as the pistol goes off and the rest of
the crew jump in fright. But the driver has missed and the bullet
lodges in the commander's padded seat. He cries out, 'Mind
trickery!' and there is a sudden sharp pain in the back of your
head. Everything goes black. Turn to 276.

209
If you have used your blaster to make a work of art in the dust,
turn to 249. If you still have your blaster, turn to 259.

210
'Are you sure, sir - shouldn't we try to beat the timefarer into
submission?' Meyer asks. Will you:
Make the colonel say, tiredly: 'No, no, Meyer. It
doesn't matter any more. Execute the final
solution'?
Turn to 50

Make the colonel shout, 'You dare to question
my orders, Meyer? You dare!! Get on with it
or I'll have you shot for insubordination. We
are still the
SS!!'?
Turn to 59

211
As the fighter screams towards you, the flyer's radar picks up a
transmission: 'Nine-oh-niner calling unidentified alien aircraft,
do you read me? Identify yourself or I will shoot to kill.' The
language is English, the accent, American, before Fedspeak was
concocted. Will you:
Fly on regardless?
Radio a message back?

Turn to 191
Turn to 301

212
Dust and sand spatter across you and a dull ache numbs your
shoulder and leg as the force of the bullets turn you over. You lose
8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you decide it would be
prudent to throw your blaster aside and raise your hands as the
tanks close in. Note that you ho longer have the blaster and turn
to 293.

213
The tanks draw together and stop thirty yards from you.
Hatches are thrown back on top of the turrets and ten German
soldiers climb down and fan out towards you. Some are carrying
Luger pistols, others Schmeisser sub-machine guns. As you are
about to use the powers of your mind, a sudden shrill whinny
startles you. Turning, you see a knight on horseback, wearing a
white surcoat with a broad red cross on it, looking down on you.
He is carrying what looks like a very advanced particle disruptor.
The German Senior Officer motions forward one of his men, a
young fellow wearing glasses with round lenses and narrow
metal rims. Turn to 343.

214
The lift door hums shut behind you and you are bathed in the
glow of lights of every conceivable colour. The entire walls of

the lift capsule are covered in lighted buttons - the lift must have
thousands upon thousands of possible destinations. Suddenly
all go dark save one flashing white light and the lift whooshes
into motion. For a time you can hear the steady boom-boom of
the piston, but the lift twists and turns through many shafts
before coming to rest at least a mile up the tower. Turn to 224.

behind. It's a storeroom for explosives! The walls are lined with
racks of plasplode containers, each complete with detonator and
timer. Plasplode is a powerful explosive used in asteroid mining.
You may take two plasplode packs if you wish. With nothing else
here to interest you, you both leave the dome. Turn to 326.

215

The silvery radiance pulses as words form in your mind, put
there by the intelligence of the cloud of mist itself. 'Congratulations, non-being, only once has a sub-life form endured
my caresses before.' Will you:

219

Did you replace the manhole cover? If you did, turn to 225. If
you did not, turn to 366.

216
You twist around and grab the rifle of the nearest soldier as
Fromm begins to run out of his office, pistol in hand. However,
Meyer and the guards expected you to resist and the other
guard fires his rifle, taking you in the leg. Lose 5 Endurance points. If
you are still alive, the shock causes you to lose control of Fromm.
Just as Meyer and the guards are about to shoot you, Fromm
shouts from the compound gate, 'No, Meyer, wait,' and he runs
up. The Schweinhund was using mind tricks on me!' More
soldiers run out from the compound to stand around you. The
prisoner is to be taken away and reduced to a mewling
simpleton. Break the timefarer's will! That is my final order and
you are to do nothing else, even if I order it, until it is broken!'
You are grabbed by several soldiers and carried back to the
camp. Turn to 400.

217
You protest your innocence and the girl with two heads says
twice, together, Throw the Infidel in the river, the Lord our
God will show us what to do.' There is a chorus of assent and
one of the knights steps forward to bind you hand and foot. Will
you:
Try to control the mind of Lord Leopold?
Let the knight truss you like a turkey?

Turn to 227
Turn to 237

218
You cautiously open the door, Bloodhound covering you from

Use your Psychic awareness to probe the mist's
intelligence?
Turn to 339
Wait passively to see what it plans to do with
you?
Turn to 349

220
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of psychic energy at
the tank commander. He grunts and slumps backwards, unconscious. Before you can Thinkstrike again, the crew leap upon
you, shouting, 'Mind trickery!' and you are clubbed senseless.
Turn to 276.

221
The gyro screeches in protest as you turn the flyer in a dizzying
succession of rolls and the missile hurtles harmlessly past. The
fighter is trying to close in once more, but the ion drive powered
flyer is too fast for it and, after a couple of minutes, the plane's
pilot turns back, leaving you to return peacefully to Falcon's
Wing. CAIN has no further information other than to confirm
that the missiles fired by the fighter are highly dangerous, so
you decide to continue your explorations on foot. Turn to 131.

222
The gate shuts behind you with a whirr of machinery. You
move on down a featureless corridor into what is evidently a lift.
Turn to 214.

223
With a crack, a bolt of plasma discharges from your blaster and
the familiar reek of ionised gas reaches you. Your first shot
misses but you fire again and soon zero in on the ponderous
tank. Unfortunately the blaster makes little actual impression
on the machine's armour at this range. The turret's gun spits
flame and a high explosive shell detonates some way behind
you. The first tank stops and you see the gun barrel depress
slightly as the other two tanks fan out in a pincer movement to
either flank. Will you:
Fire again?
Turn to 233
Throw your blaster aside and raise your hands,
as if surrendering?
Turn to 243

224
The lift stops with no more warning than when it started. The
door hums open to reveal a room in which every chair, screen
and console is pure white and so are the people who are waiting
to greet you. Clad in white, one-piece suits, their skin is purest
white, so is their hair, and all their eyes are white, except for the
pupils. There are eight of them all looking exactly alike, as if they
were clones. They are evidently human except that the heads
are massively bloated and the hands are large, the fingers manyjointed. 'Welcome to the tower at the end of the universe,' says
one of the clones.
'Are you in command here?' you ask.
'No, the paranoids in the blue room command here, but they are
too frightened to encounter you.' You begin to ask a stream of
questions but one of them suggests it would be easier if he/she
thought the knowledge you require into your head. Will you:
Let them do this?
Try to dominate him/her with your will?

Turn to 244
Turn to 254

225
As you slide the manhole cover back into place, two luminous

points appear in the tunnel below. Not stopping to look you slide
the cover home, but a strange cry - or was it just the wind
whistling? - as you walk away prompts you to wonder whether
those pale lights were eyes, or simply drops of phosphorescence
you had not perceived at first. Turn to 185.

226
You will have to get back to Falcon's Wing and hope that you
find a way of operating the Variac Drive successfully. Do you
have a compass given to you by a Lieutenant Kowalski? If so,
turn to 88. If not, turn to 374.

227
As you summon up your will to subdue the mind of Lord
Leopold, the sword whines again, and frost is shivered from it,
dropping to the floor. The purple beams of several particle
disruptors play over you, your body is atomised and spread
across the fallen steeple of their church. It is the end of the
timeline for you, Falcon.

228
Carefully you slide the door to one side and look in. It's a
storeroom for explosives! The walls are lined with racks of
plasplode containers, each complete with detonator and timer.
Plasplode is a powerful explosive used in asteroid mining. You
may take two plasplode packs if you wish. With nothing else
here to interest you, you leave and head for the other door at the
end of the dome. Turn to 340.

229
The effort is too much for you, your mind is broken. All will to
survive leaves you. The effort of will which was required for
you to leave last time is now beyond you. The strange cloud
settles all around and your life force is drawn inexorably into the
chill incandescent mist.

230
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank is
filled with an awful whining sound. Then the driver grunts in

pain - he has been hit in the shoulder. The shock galvanises his
mind and you lose control of him. The commander leaps upon
you, to be joined by the rest of the crew and within moments
you have been clubbed into unconsciousness. Turn to 276.

231
The gyro screeches in protest as you turn the flyer in a dizzying
succession of rolls, but you lose too much speed executing the
manouevre and as you straighten out from a barrel roll, the
missile hurtles into the back of your flyer. There is an almighty
explosion and you lose consciousness. Turn to 241.

232
At last you are at the bottom of the shaft. The ladder extends to
the floor of a large underground complex, completely dominated by a cylindrical structure which is as large as a towering
building in Alpolis. The dull booming noise which hurts your
eardrums comes from this cylinder. Inside its transparent skin,
you can see a colossal piston pumping steadily away. It appears
to be an air pump which must supply the windowless tower
with fresh air. On a platform nearby is a set of dials monitoring
the huge pump. Beyond is a lift shaft where there is a lift
waiting. Will you:
Step up to the platform?
Enter the lift?

Turn to 134
Turn to 144

233
Once again your blaster cracks out a bolt of white lightning.
Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 253
If you score 2-6, turn to 263

234
The lift stops with no more warning than when it started. The
door hums open to reveal a room in which every chair, screen
and console is pure white and so are the people who are waiting
to greet you. Clad in white, one-piece suits, their skin and hair is

purest white, and their eyes are all white, except for the pupils.
There are eight of them all looking exactly alike, as if they were
clones. They are evidently human except that the heads are
massively bloated and the hands are large, the fingers manyjointed. 'Welcome to the tower at the end of the universe,' says
one of the clones.
'Are you in command here?' you ask.
'No, the paranoids in the blue room command here, but they are
too frightened to encounter you.' You begin to ask a stream of
questions but one of them suggests it would be easier if he/she
thought the knowledge you require into your head. Will you:
Let them do this?
Try to dominate him/her with your will?

Turn to 264
Turn to 254

235
He takes you towards Fromm's hut. As soon as you are both out
of sight of the soldiers he whispers, 'This way!' and takes you off
to the left, past a long, low, wooden building which Rudolf tells
you is the kitchens. He leads you to a four wheeled combustion
engined vehicle, which you recognise from your history lesson
as a German military jeep or Kubelwagen. He unties your hands
and you both get in. 'Crouch down out of sight. I'll drive slowly
towards the gate, as if I was leaving on a trading run,' says
Rudolf. He starts the engine and the car coughs into life,
shuddering noisily. An uncomfortable and primitive way to get
about, you think to yourself as the Kubelwagen rolls forward.
Suddenly there is a loud cry of 'Halt!' and a gunshot. Rudolf
accelerates hard and the Kubelwagen surges forward. 'It's
Fromm, blast him - he's discovered you're missing.' Sitting up
you see that you are hurtling at the gate. The two gateguards
throw themselves aside and you and Rudolf surge out onto the
sandy plain outside the compound. You are heading towards a
ridge a few hundred yards ahead when you hear the roar of tank
engines. Looking back you see several tanks and trucks, full of
soldiers, in hot pursuit. The Tiger tanks begin to open fire and
geysers of sand explode to either side of you. Turn to 330.

236
He shouts in rage as he pushes aside your mental attack. 'You
will pay for this, Schweinhund,' he cries. Take the filth away
and reduce it to a mewling dog, Hauptsturmfuhrer - I want the
dog obedient and willing. And under close guard, not least to
prevent escape, but also to prevent a repeat of the Dragonmen's
last bloody raid. We must not lose this one. Heil!'
'Heil Hitler!' shouts the Hauptsturmfuhrer, and the guards grab
you and carry you bodily out of the wooden cottage, taking
great pains to ensure you are uncomfortable. Turn to 400.

237
You are soon securely tied up and any efforts you make to use
your mental powers prove fruitless. The Sacred Sword of Valois
shines each time you try and you are pelted with stones for your
pains. They harness you to a yoke pulled by a large carthorse
and you are dragged towards the meandering grey-green river.
A carnival mood seems to have gripped them all and the twin
heads of the girl-child begin to laugh hysterically. You are
pushed into a primitive round boat like a coracle and a sack full of
rocks is tied to your feet. You struggle helplessly as they pole the
boat out to the middle of the river and, to a cheer from the
onlookers, throw you in. If you are wearing your environment
suit, turn to 247. If you are not, turn to 257.

238
You pause, unsure as to the intention of the pilot of this strange
plane. From your holovids it looks to you like a Starfighter from
the early twenty-first century, actually an Atmospheric
Interceptor Jet that could operate at the limits of the
atmosphere. The cockpit canopy slides back and a man dressed
in something not unlike your environment suit climbs out and
approaches you. 'Hi there,' he says in English, with an American
accent. 'I'm Lieutenant Kowalski of the United States Air Force,'
and he extends a hand. You shake it.'I'm from 2012 AD. I was on
a routine mission when I suddenly ended up here. Some kind of
time flux. Anyhow, you're in trouble, man! Those Nazi guys are
mean. And so are the Knights of Saint John. I could help you ...'

and he gazes at you through narrowed eyes. 'I mean my
Starfighter could really waste those guys, you know. But you
gotta make it worth my while. It's not a good idea for me to mess
with them - I'm on my own and they're a whole battalion! So
you gotta promise to get me outta here. If I help you, you've
gotta take me to your time, maybe even back to mine. Deal?' He
smiles winningly. Will you:
Agree to take Kowalski with you?
Turn to 168
Decide it might change the timelines to do so
and refuse?
Turn to 350

239
It is as if you were floundering in a wallow of green slime
without a bottom. Madness overwhelms you and you feel
yourself no better than a despicable worm hated by all. This
abyss of despair is too deep even for you to survive, all you can
do is curl up to die - to live would be too painful. Your spirit will
be absorbed into the mist being.

240
Two guards flank the doorway to the cottage. As you are led in
they click their heels smartly and salute, with cries of 'Heil
Hitler!' You are bustled into a small room. A portrait of a
twentieth century dictator, Hitler, rests on the wall behind a
large desk. Standing behind the desk is an immaculately dressed
Colonel of the SS. He is tall with blonde hair and blue eyes,
about forty years old.
After nodding a welcome at Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer, he
orders the guards to strike you down the instant anything
strange should occur. Then he speaks: 'Welcome to our little
home from home, time traveller. I am Ernst Fromm,
Standartenfuhrer of this SS battallion. I have spoken at length
with your compatriot, Bloodhound, before he was taken by the
Dragonmen, an alien race that live on the other side of the
towered domain of the other Earthpeoples, people from the
future of even your own time, ah ... ?'
'Falcon, I am known as Falcon,' you supply.

'Well, Falcon, in 1944, myself and my battalion were heading for
the Russian front when suddenly we disappeared, to find
ourselves in this godforsaken place. You can imagine it took us a
little while to find our bearings, indeed it took my conversation
with Bloodhound to iron out what happened - incredible though
it seems to us. Apparently, we passed through some strange
flux in time, as have others from other places and times. Have
you wondered why this planet does not rotate, Falcon? Well we
are literally at the end of time. Time no longer "exists".' He
smiles at you. 'Not quite the ignorant soldier you expected, eh?'
he adds.
'What do you want with me?' you ask. Turn to 16.

241
If you are wearing your environment suit, turn to 251. If not,
turn to 261.

242
Your balance on the steel runged ladder is precarious and your
normal striking hand is held in the monster's teeth, but you
drive your other fist towards the luminescent spots of green
that must be its eyes. Make an Attack Roll.

244

You remain in possession of your own thoughts but a wave of
understanding and knowledge immerses you as the eight clones
think into your head. To the Earthers of your remote future,
these people will be known as the Future People. It is a billion,
billion years after the founding of the Earth Federation. The
universe is contracting, its energy all but spent. Soon the
universe will coalesce into a single ball of matter, eradicating all
life, and explode apart again to begin a new cycle. These people
are doomed. A device called the Time Destabiliser pulled them
from their own time to this barren planet, but none of the
entropists, people genetically designed to study ways of conserving energy, were transported with them. The tower was
built, but life as they are used to it is becoming impossible to
sustain. Already hundreds of them have 'gone green', for they
are running out of the drugs which some need to prevent an
unpleasant mutation that damages the intellect. When this
happens people turn a sickly shade of pale green and become
scavengers. You realise with a shock, that these people are
looking forward to death as a new experience which they have
not yet tried out. Turn to 284.

245
If you score 8-12, turn to 252
If you score 2-7, turn to 262

243
The tanks draw together and stop thirty yards from you.
Hatches are thrown back on top of the turrets and ten German
soldiers climb down and fan out towards you. Some are carrying
Luger pistols, others Schmeisser sub-machine guns. As you are
about to use the powers of your mind, a sudden shrill whinny
startles you. Turning, you see a Knight on horseback, wearing a
white surcoat with a broad red cross on it, looking down on you.
He is carrying what looks like a very advanced particle disruptor.
The German Senior Officer motions forward one of his men, a
young fellow wearing glasses with round lenses and narrow
metal rims. Turn to 353.

There is no obvious way to open the plasteel door which towers
four metres tall and two metres wide. It is set three inches back
into the wall of the tower and does not appear to be hinged. Will
you:
Call out loudly in the hope that someone will
open it for you?
Try to push it inwards?
Try to slide it sideways?

Turn to 52
Turn to 62
Turn to 72

246
You have several options. You will be able to use your mind
powers freely, even though you are blindfolded, as your psychic
awareness enables you to identify the mental patterns of your

captors easily in this enclosed space. Will you:
Try to control the mind of the tank commander?Turn to 30
Try to control the mind of the driver?
Turn to 110
Try to Thinkstrike as many of them as possible,
as fast as you can, beginning with the tank
commander?
Turn to 220
Try to control the minds of both the
commander and the driver?
Turn to 206
Slip off your blindfold and try to grab the
commander's Luger?
Turn to 266

247
There is plenty of oxygen left in your environment suit and you
are able to saw through the hemp which binds you on a rough
stone. You wait for an hour before moving downstream and
surfacing not far from the bank. The people have returned to
their tumbledown castle and you decide to press on towards the
great edifice that towers upwards to a point in the distance.
Turn to 277.

248
It is almost upon you! You cry out in fear and fire the blaster.
Your aim is good and the bolt of plasma slams into its chest,
ripping it open and cauterising it at the same time. Blood, bone
and viscera fly in all directions and the creature flies backwards
to lie inert and smoking. Heaving a sigh of relief, you stand up
You notices metal band around one of its forearms painted with
three bands of colours, red, green and yellow. You dart past the
body to the dome's entrance. You pause at the archway but all is
quiet. Silently you glide into the dome. Turn to 316.

249
It is impossible to see where you are going, but fear impels you
to spring across the uneven sand. Red mist washes warmK
around you, then your foot slips on a puddle of glass. You crash
to the ground, impaling yourself on the spike of a model mercurian mountain, part of the work of art you created with your
blaster. Your lung is perforated and hot blood bubbles from

your mouth. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, turn to
269.

250
You manage to seize control of the SS colonel's mind. He seems
utterly insane, a complete psychopath to you. Will you:
Force him to order the guards to take you out
of the compound and release you?
Turn to 130
Force him to order Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer to
use one soldier, take you out of the
compound and shoot you?
Turn to 70
Force him to order Meyer to use two men, take
you out of the compound and shoot you?
Turn to 210

251
There is a metallic taste in your mouth. You can't see. Then you
realise that your eyes are shut. Opening them reveals a barren
world which seems to spin end over end with you at its centre.
You cough, the metallic taste is your own dried blood. The
environment suit is in tatters but the helmet and oxygen supply
are intact. Every joint in your body aches sickeningly and you
can hardly move. You have lost 12 Endurance points. The debris of the
flyer is scattered for miles around you and you are buried in an
immense pile of dust which has broken your fall. It is a miracle
that you are still alive. After a while, strength returns and you
heave yourself out of the dust and begin to walk across the
featureless plain. Turn to 419.

252
You hear the sound of splintering bone and what sounds distinctly like a spoken curse, but your hand is freed. The two
points of light retreat into the recess. Will you:
Climb up to the manhole and out?
Continue on down the tunnel?
Swing your body into the recess?

Turn to 292
Turn to 272
Turn to 282

253
The blaster finds its mark, bathing the tank in a sheet of
incandescent blue flame. A hatch in the gun turret is thrust
open as the tank grinds to a halt and four men jump out and take
cover behind it. The other two tanks are closing in on either side
and the chatter of a machine gun sends you diving to the
ground. At last you identify the source of the fire, it comes from
the left-hand tank. As the machine gun opens up again you see
the dust fly upwards in spurts, several each second. The spurts
are getting closer and at the last minute you try to dive aside.
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 273
If you score 2-5, turn to 212

254
Your attempt to dominate the beings' wills is crushed pitifully
easily. These creatures are the product of a billion years and
more of human genetic engineering. The powers of their minds
are far beyond your own. You remain in possession of your own
thoughts but a wave of understanding and knowledge immerses you as the eight clones think into your head. To the
Earthers of your remote future, these people will be known as
the Future People. It is a billion, billion years after the founding
of the Earth Federation. The universe is contracting, its energyall but spent. Soon the universe will coalesce into a single ball of
matter, eradicating all life, and explode apart again to begin a
new cycle. These people are doomed. A device called the Time
Destabiliser pulled them from their own time to this barren
planet, but none of the entropists, people genetically designed to
study ways of conserving energy, were transported with them.
This would have to be destroyed before escape from this place
would be possible. The tower was built, but life as they are used
to it is becoming impossible to sustain. Already hundreds or
them have 'gone green', for they are running out of the drugs
which some need to prevent an unpleasant mutation that
damages the intellect. When this happens people turn a sickly
shade of pale green and become scavengers. You realise with a
shock that these people are looking forward to death as a new
experience which they have not yet tried out. Turn to 274.

255
Feeling for the rungs with your feet you climb down as quickly
as you can. Once, looking up, you see two luminescent points of
pale green light above. They go out, flicker, then come back on
again. You look down once more and there is a high pitched
screech above you. Will you;
Hurry on down?
Turn to 182
Climb back up to where you saw the two points
of light?
Turn to 192

256
You dash out across the open sand. Looking back you see a tank
cresting the skyline of the ridge. Desperately, you drive yourself
onward, breathing hard. The tank swings down over the ridge,
closely followed by another and the chatter of machine guns fills
your ears. Sand is thrown up in spurts nearby. There is the dull
crump, crump of the tanks' main guns opening up and shells
explode around you. Then there is only blackness.

257
The heavy rocks cause you to sink to the bottom like a stone.
Tied as you are you cannot even crawl to the bank. Within minutes you have drowned. It is the end of the timeline for you,
Falcon.

258
You wait for a few seconds, sweating with fear, as the tank is
filled with an awful whining sound. Suddenly, a hammerblow
takes you in the leg and you spin around as your thigh burns
with pain. The bullet has hit you. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are
still alive, the wound causes you to lose control of the driver - he
and the gunner leap on you and within moments you have been
clubbed into unconsciousness. Turn to 276.

259
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 279
If you score 2-5, turn to 289

260
He looks at you for a moment and then says: 'No, not anymore
... I am the compound's trader - I go to the other enclaves and
barter for our supplies of crop seeds, tools and so on. I have
traded with the people in the high tower that can be seen on the
skyline. They are from Earth's future, far far in the future.
There is a man that lives with them, or, rather they provide him
with fuel for his plane. This man, Kowalski, is from the twentyfirst century, a pilot of an American "Jet" he calls it, much more
advanced than our own planes. Anyway, he told me much about
my own time and what happened. About Hitler, about Himmler. The Jews and what the Nazis really stood for/He pauses for
a moment, looking at the floor. 'I had heard the stories but I
never believed them. Such evil. Ah, well, I was young, blinded by
patriotic fervour. Now I know the truth. And I am sickened by
what I was, and by men like Fromm, fanatical madmen!' He
looks you in the eye. 'So, I have come to help you escape - you
cannot allow Fromm and his fascist bully boys to help the Nazis
win the war!'
'Of course not. Thank you Rudolf, you are a good man,' you
answer.
'I have told the guards that Fromm has sent me to take you to
him - all we have to do is walk out of here as bold as brass.' With
that he stands up and draws his pistol. 'I have to make it
convincing of course,' he says, as he bends your hands behind
your back and, holding the pistol to your head, shoves you out of
the door. 'Move it, scum,' he shouts. You walk past the guards,
who loll at the doorway. Turn to 235.

261
There is a metallic taste in your mouth. You can't see. Then you
realise that your eyes are shut. Opening them reveals a barren
world which seems to spin end over end with you at its centre
You cough, the metallic taste is your own dried blood. Every
joint in your body aches sickeningly and you can hardly move
You have lost 16 Endurance points and your limbs are so painful, the
slightest movement is agonising. Your Attack and Evasion

Modifiers are reduced to -1 until you reach an Autodoc. The
debris of the flyer is scattered for miles around you and you are
buried in an immense pile of dust which has broken your fall. It
is a miracle that you still live. After a while, strength returns and
you heave yourself out of the dust and begin to walk across the
featureless plain. Turn to 419.

262
You miss your target and your arm flails wildly, causing you to
lose your balance and you fall off the ladder, your hand ripping
out of the clamped jaws painfully. Turn to 265.

263
The blaster turns the sand in front of the tank to glass which
solidifies and cracks when the tank grinds over it. At last you
find your mark, but the other two tanks are closing in on either
side and the chatter of a machine gun sends you diving to the
ground. At last you identify the source of the fire, it comes from
the left-hand tank. As the machine gun opens up again you see
the dust fly upwards in spurts, several each second. The spurts
are getting closer. At the last minute you try to dive aside. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 273
If you score 2-5, turn to 212

264
You remain in possession of your own thoughts but a wave of
understanding and knowledge immerses you as the eight clones
think into your head. To the Earthers of your remote future,
these people will be known as the Future People. It is a billion,
billion years after the founding of the Earth Federation. The
universe is contracting, its energy all but spent. Scon the
universe will coalesce into a single ball of matter, eradicating all
life, and explode apart again to begin a new cycle. These people
are doomed. A device called the Time Destabiliser pulled them
from their own time to this barren planet, but none of the
entropists, people genetically designed to study ways of
conserving energy, were transported with them. The tower was

built, but life as they are used to it is becoming impossible to
sustain. Already hundreds of them have 'gone green', for they
are running out of the drugs which some need to prevent an
unpleasant mutation that damages the intellect. When this
happens people turn a sickly shade of pale green and become
scavengers. You realise with a shock that these people are
looking forward to death as a new experience which they have
not yet tried out. Turn to 274.

265
All is dark below. You fall for fifty feet before hitting the other
side of the tubular tunnel. This bounces you into the ladder once
more and you are mercifully unconscious before your brain is
splattered across fifty square feet of plasmetal flooring two
hundred feet below.

266
As quick as thought you rip off the blindfold and grab the tank
commander's wrist. But the rest of the crew are too alert, leap
upon you and you are clubbed into unconsciousness. Turn to
276.

267
At first you enthusiastically tear the sleeve from your tunic and
try to make smooth squares of material, but it is too tough to
tear easily. Soon the idea of making a work of art loses its
attraction and you wander through the mist. Which direction
takes your fancy:
Towards an orange glow?
Towards a patch of purple haze?

Turn to 99
Turn to 109

268
The others stiffen in surprise, and you remove your blindfold.
The gunner says, 'Otto, listen - its mind trickery. Fight back!'
'Shut up,' you say, 'or I'll have him shoot you.' You tell them to
drop their weapons and then tie up the gunner and radio man.
You force the commander to tell the driver to turn around as

fast as possible. They seem familiar with mind control Bloodhound must have given them a hard time. You ask one of
them about Bloodhound, and he says, maliciously, 'If you're
looking for your friend, you're too late - the Dragonmen took
him, I expect he's long been made a meal of,' and he laughs.
Moments later, the radio crackles into life, 'Otto, this is Meyer what are you doing? Stop, I order you!' Poking your head out of
the hatch you can see the other Tiger tanks in pursuit. One of
them fires - a geyser of dust erupts with a dull crump nearby.
Your tank begins to climb a ridge. You reach the top when there
is an explosion and a flash of flames. The tank shudders and
slews to a stop, one of its tracks blown off. You leap out of the
turret and scramble down the ridge. Turn to 396.

269
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 4-12, turn to 279
If you score 2-3, turn to 299

270
Your aim is off and the plasma crashes into the ground at the
Saurian's feet, throwing up shards of shiny rock. The reptilian's
reaction is almost comical as it leaps back in shocked surprise. It
orientates on you immediately and utters a growling hiss. With
remarkable speed it aims and fires its weapon. Make an Evasion
Roll as you try to throw yourself behind the mud trough:
If you score 7-12, turn to 140
If you score 2-6, turn to 298

271
There is a monotonous drone of heavy machinery beyond the
hillock behind you as you walk towards the mail clad Knight
with his polished shield bearing the red cross of St George. As
you approach, you realise that besides the sword which lies
along his white charger's flank he carries a weapon looking
remarkably like a particle disruptor. Will you:
Walk to meet him?
Return to the hillock?

Turn to 9
Turn to 183

272
You continue down once more. Any noise from above is lost in
the booming of machinery, but you catch thoughts of rage, pain,
hate and hunger from your assailant which seem both powerful
and near human. As you descend so the strength of the
thoughts fades. Turn to 182.

273
Dust and sand spatter across you but you feel no pain, it seems
the machine gunner has missed. The tanks close in and you
decide to throw your blaster aside and put your hands up. Note
that you no longer have your blaster and then turn to 293.

274
They thank you, however, for saving the great machine in the
tower's foundations. If it had exploded, everyone in the tower
would have died. The green scavengers rule the lower levels and
the paranoids of the blue room have commanded that no-one,
not even the technicians, be allowed to service the machine, or
leave the tower. They are more scared of going green than of
death. 'Why allow "paranoids" to rule you?' you think. The reply
is immediate. They are genetically designed to make cautious
decisions, based on fear, to shepherd mankind through dangerous times. Now that their usefulness is over, no-one cares to
overthrow them, not least because they surround themselves
with sensors and traps, seeing no-one but their particular clone
brothers. Out of gratitude for saving the machine which gives
air and power to their tower, they answer your unspoken
question. They tell you that Bloodhound has been taken captive
by the Gra'ak; an intelligent and ferocious reptilian race. The
Future People's orbital sensors allow them to see most of what
takes place on this planet and they know that Bloodhound is still
alive. They also know that you will need to destroy the time
destabiliser that lies in the crater beyond the dwellings of the
Gra'ak, if you are to return to your own time. Suddenly one of
the white screens turns blue. Turn to 294.

275
Your hand reaches out into a dark recess. Without warning the

two pale lights dart forward. Sharp needle-like teeth clamp onto
your hand, and jaws of great power drive them to meet in the
middle of your sinews and hand bones. Lose 2 Endurance points. If
you are still alive, will you:
Strike at the twin green points of light with
your other hand?
Throw yourself backwards into the vertical
shaft?

Turn to 242
Turn to 265

276
You wake up spluttering, with one of the crew splashing water
on your face. Your head aches abominably and there is a large
lump at the back of your head. 'Come on,' says the commander
brusquely, 'we have arrived.' You are manhandled out of the
tank into the dull red light. Turn to 6.

277
The red moon hangs motionless in the blackness as you forge on
over the dusty plain. Away from the river, the ground becomes
dry and cracked, but the atmosphere instead of being raspingly
dry is humid. There is still no sign of pursuit but you are
surprised to see a bank of low lying mist ahead of you. As you
are looking at the sulphurous looking yellow mist, there is a
horn call from the direction of the castle. Will you:
Hide yourself in the mist?
Take some time making a detour?

Turn to 317
Turn to 327

278
You cry out in rage as the steel cover slides over the console once
more. The Gra'ak will be here within seconds. 'It's no good,
Falcon, try to save yourself!' shouts Bloodhound.
'Never!' you reply, 'we can still fight our way out!' But just as the
cover slides up again, several of the reptiles burst in. You try to
fight but they are deadly quick, and there are too many of them.
You are overwhelmed and torn limb from limb. It's the end of
the timeline for you, Falcon.

279

282

It is impossible to see where you are going, but fear impels you
to sprint across the uneven sand. Red mist washes warmly
around you. Soon the mist is white again, all around you, but as
fast as you run so the rolling bank of mist like a great breaker
flows on, threatening to engulf you. As you are nearing a slight
depression, it floods around you. You sprint on desperately, but
all is whiteness, and then you are falling. Turn to 387.

As you swing your weight into the dark recess the unseen
creature lunges at you with a metal bar. Make a Chance Roll.

280
The man falls under your power easily. He spins and fires at
Meyer, taking him by surprise. The shot rings-out across the
featureless expanse and Meyer flies backwards to lie inert in the
dust. The other soldier gawks in astonishment. You force the
man under your power to turn to the remaining soldier and fire.
Incredibly, he misses but the soldier has already taken to his
heels, running for the compound. Quickly you knock out the
last guard with a deft blow to the back of his neck. You can hear
shouted orders from the compound and the revving of engines.
Fromm is organising a pursuit. You turn and sprint away,
making for a low ridge a few hundred yards away. Within a few
minutes you are pounding up the side of the ridge. At its top you
pause to look behind - several tanks and trucks, full of
uniformed soldiers, are spewing out of the SS compound. Turn
to 396.

281
The yellow mist is having a strange effect on you, you feel an
overpowering need to blame someone for your predicament. It
seems unlikely that you will ever leave this planet - German
tanks have probably destroyed Falcon's Wing by now, you think.
Who do you blame for the position you have got into:
Yourself?
Turn to 341
Bloodhound, for failing to look after himself? Turn to 361
Jobanque for failing to send other agents to
support you?
Turn to 371

If you score 1, 3 or 5, turn to 302
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 312

283
You hurl a directionless blast of mental energy, like an explosion
of thought, into the swirling yellow vapours and, to your
surprise, the glowing luminescence dims and your mind
becomes clear and decisive once more. Only now do you realise
the extent to which an alien intelligence had distorted your
thoughts. Add 1 to your Thinkstrike Modifier for affecting an alien
mind. The luminescence remains on both sides, on one side the
glow is green, on the other orange. Will you head for:
The green glow?
The orange?

Turn to 415
Turn to 147

284
A great machine in the tower's foundations maintains their life
support systems. If it exploded, everyone in the tower would
die. It seems it is close to that now. The green scavengers rule
the lower levels and the paranoids of the blue room have
commanded that no-one, not even the technicians, be allowed to
service the machine, or leave the tower. They are more scared of
going green than of death. 'Why allow "paranoids" to rule you?'
you think. The reply is immediate. They are genetically designed
to make cautious decisions, based on fear, to shepherd mankind
through dangerous times. Now that their usefulness is over,
no-one cares to overthrow them, not least because they
surround themselves with sensors and traps, seeing no-one but
their particular clone brothers. After some time you can sense
that your well being means nothing to them. You are no more
than an interesting diversion to pass the time with. Suddenly
one of the white screens turns red and a human with four arms
and hands, each of differing shape, in which tools are grasped,
appears. It speaks: The machine is critical, prepare to die,' then

the screen goes blank once more. One of the white humans
invites you to step into the lift so that they can return you to the
outside before the tower explodes. Will you:
Do as he/she says and step into the lift?
Turn to 314
Remonstrate with them and ask them to help
you?
Turn to 324

go. As you look into his strange purple eyes, the pupils seem to
dilate until you imagine your head is being drawn inside one of
them. You become drowsy and struggle to fight off waves of
sleep, to no avail. When you regain consciousness, the boy is
nowhere to be seen, the red moon has not moved in the sky and
you have no idea how long you have lain insensible in the dust.
You decide to press on. Turn to 277.

285

288

There is no obvious way to open the plasteel door which is four
metres tall and two metres wide. It is set three inches back into
the wall of the tower and does not appear to be hinged. The
lolloping man creature is not far behind you. Will you:

The SS colonel stares at you, lips pursed. He narrows his eyes
and begins to shake with rage. Then he leaps up and explodes/If
that's the way you want it, Untermensch, so be it. You will pay
for this, Schweinhund,' he cries. Take the filth away and reduce
it to a mewling dog, Hauptsturmfuhrer - I want the dog
obedient and willing. And under close guard, not least to
prevent escape, but also to prevent a repeat of the Dragonmen's
last bloody raid. We must not lose this one. Heil!'

Call out loudly in the hope that someone will
open it for you?
Turn to 122
Try to push it inwards?
Turn to 132
Try to slide it sideways?
Turn to 142

286
You depress the buttons rapidly, red, green then yellow. To
your horror a steel cover slides over the console and an alarm
begins to ring out. 'Wait! It'll activate again in a few minutes,'
says Bloodhound. There may still be time.' You can do nothing
but wait, spine tingling in anticipation. 'Come on, come on,'
mutters Bloodhound. Looking out of the transparent dome you
can see several Gra'ak running towards you from the direction
of another grey dome. Then the cover slides back again. What
sequence of buttons will you press this time?
If you push green, red then yellow, turn to 358
If you push red, yellow then green, turn to 278
If you push yellow, green then red, turn to 148

'Heil Hitler!' shouts the Hauptsturmfuhrer, and the guards grab
you and carry you bodily out of the wooden cottage, taking
great pains to ensure you are uncomfortable. Turn to 400.

289
You run blindly from the green glow through a haze of yellow
into a chill and eerie blue incandescence. Turn to 149.

290
It is almost upon you, its breath fetid, its gaping maw lined with
razor edged teeth, its eyes like living orbs of madness. Make an
Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 248
If you score 2-6, turn to 410

287

291

When you are some way from the castle, heading towards the
great edifice that towers up to a point in the distance, you set the
boy on his feet once more, having decided to let him run back to
the castle from this point and bend down to tell him he is free to

Bloodhound protests but you motion him to be quiet and come
with you. As you creep carefully towards the coral Bloodhound's enfeebled leg gives way without warning and you both
tumble from a low table of slate into a heap on the ground. You

roll aside, but even as you are considering your next action one
of the Gra'ak is playing the beam of his laser rifle across you.
Death is swift, but Bloodhound's will not be.

292
You climb speedily up the shaft. Any noise from below is lost in
the booming of machinery, but you catch thoughts of rage, pain,
hate and hunger from your assailant which seem both powerful
and near human. As you climb, so the strength of thought fades
and is blocked out completely when you stand on the surface
once more and slide the manhole cover back into place. You turn
towards the gateway. Turn to 185.

293
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2 or 4, turn to 303
If you score 1, 3, 5 or 6, turn to 313

294
A blue human with a curiously flaccid brain case and twig-like
appendages for arms squawks out of the screen. 'Terminate the
thought transfer. Eject the primitive one.' The screen turns
white once more but one of your hosts says that you must leave
the tower or the paranoids will have you eliminated by their
sentinel droids. They say that if you leave now they will send the
lift to a weapon bay where you may obtain a cold lance that will
be useful against the reptilians. Turn to 304.

295
Your mind probe is successful straight away. The creature's
thought patterns are surprisingly similar to your own. Then
you realise, to your horror, that it is human. The other mind fills
with hate and humiliation that you have seen its thoughts so
easily and your mind is rejected just as one would spit out some
unsavoury fungspread. The creature has used some kind of
mind bar, a sophisticated defence against powers of the mind.
Still it lollops towards you, its small mouth creased into a twisted

line of hate and disdain. Will you:
Run to the gate?
Try to use your Power of Will to control it?

299
Turn to 315
Turn to 325

296
You run forward. The creature pauses and then throws its
weapon aside and growls in anticipation. It jumps forward, its
massive legs enabling it to make a huge bound to appear before
you. Its speed is whiplike and you cannot match it. It is faster,
heavier, stronger and taller than any human could ever be. It
rends you to shreds in a matter of minutes and feeds on you as,
screaming, you struggle and kick.

297
'Would it be better to wait until it gets darker?' you ask.
The sun never sets,' says Bertrand, pointing at the red moon.
What you took for a moon is one of the last suns left burning in
the cosmos. Thanking Bertrand you make for the gate and run
from the castle towards the great edifice that towers up to a
point in the distance. Turn to 277.

298
You are a fraction too slow and a single yellow ball of energy
flies from the tip of the Gra'ak's weapon to explode at your
shoulder, throwing you backward. Your shoulder is torn open.
Lose 8 Endurance points. If you still live, at the sight of the blood
dripping from your shoulder the Saurian goes into some kind of
frenzy, its jaws snap wildly and it bounds towards you, howling
horribly. The hackles on the back of your neck rise as you are
gripped with instinctive fear, the prey's fear of the predator.
Desperately you fire your blaster again, the creature is almost
upon you, its breath foul and its gaping maw running with
saliva. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 248
If you score 2-6, turn to 410

You stumble upright, having dragged your body up off the
sharp cone of glass which had impaled you, and stagger on. It is
impossible to see where you are going, but fear impels you to
spring across the uneven sand. Red mist washes warmly around
you. Soon the mist is white again, but as fast as you run so the
rolling bank of mist like a great breaker flows on, threatening to
engulf you. As you are nearing a slight depression, it floods
around you. You sprint on desperately, but there is nothing but
whiteness and then you are falling. Turn to 309.

300
If you spoke with the pilot and told him you were a time
traveller, turn to 39. If not, or if you didn't speak to him, turn to
80.

301
The universal translator will translate your words into English
but they will sound mechanical and grating. Will you:

Say you are a roboplane, programmed to carry
out a crop survey?
Turn to 311
Threaten to shoot the fighter down unless it
turns away?
Turn to 321
Identify yourself as an Earther time traveller? Turn to 331

302
The bar crashes into your shoulder and knocks you back into the
shaft. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you are lucky to
catch a rung of the ladder in the darkness and climb out of range.
Will you:
Try to climb up to the manhole and out?
Try to climb down the tunnel?

Turn to 322
Turn to 272

303
Even as you throw aside your blaster the turret on the right
hand side tank is revolving and a burst of flame erupts from the
barrel. Seemingly at the same moment a high explosive shell

explodes twenty feet to your right, blowing you ten feet into the
air. Flying shrapnel embeds itself in you. If you are not wearing
your environment suit, you lose 10 Endurance points. If you are
wearing your environment suit you lose 8 Endurance points. Your
suit is ruined and useless -note this on your agent profile. If you
are still alive, you decide to lie prone as if dead. Turn to 323.
304
As soon as you step into the lift the coloured lights go off and the
door hums shut. A single amber light flashes as the lift
accelerates down a series of twisting shafts and then stops. The
door opens and a red skinned technician with four hands and
arms, each different in shape, hands you a weapon. The door
hums shut as you realise in surprise that you have been given a
very advanced cold lance. Note that you have this on your agent
profile. A green light flashes and the lift descends a long shaft.
When the door hums open, you realise you are on the far side of
the tower to that which you entered. A blue grey desert
stretches as far as the eye can see. You head towards a large
expanse of blue slab-like rock. Turn to 338.
305
You concentrate all of your thoughts on overpowering the will
of the strange green human-like creature but, to your dismay, it
is able to blank out your attack. A mind-bar descends across its
thoughts like a metal gate. It is immune to the powers of your
mind and now it is almost upon you. You will have to engage it
in unarmed combat. It utters a high pitched scream of malice and
balls its huge hands into gourd-like fists, ready to smash your
head. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 375
If you score 2-5, turn to 385
306
He manages to throw off your mental attack and then cries out
in surprise and outrage: 'Trying your mind tricks like the other
one, eh!' he bellows. Suddenly you feel a sharp pain in the back
of your head and everything goes black. Turn to 276.

307
'A sorcerer would not wish to pray - the sight of the cross would
strike fear into his heart/ says a young Knight.

'Aye Bertrand, I think you have the right of it,' says Leopold. 'So
be it, come, to the abbey, let us pray.' Turn to 127.

whether there are crops of any type grown on this planet. Will
you:
Turn to 191
Turn to 201

Continue on your course?
Land?

312
308
The tank rumbles onward, and the journey passes uneventfully.
The crew talk amongst themselves a little, but none of them say
a word to you. You do overhear someone saying, 'Perhaps this
one can take us home to the Fatherland,' and another replying:
'If the Dragonmen don't raid and take him away along with a
score of the rest of us. Curse their filthy hides.' After a while
there is a brusque, 'Come on, move,' and you are manhandled
out of the tank into the dull red light. Turn to 6.

309
For what seems like an eternity, you fall from the whiteness of
the cloud into the blackness of a deep crevasse, but in reality it is
scant seconds before you nose dive into a mound of bird
droppings, collected over the uncounted centuries. If you are
wearing you environment suit, turn to 319. If you are not, turn
to 329.

310
There is a deafening report as the pistol goes off, but the bullet
whistles past the commander's head. 'Down!' the commander
shouts, as the bullet begins to ricochet dangerously around the
interior of the truck. Make another Chance Roll.
If you score 1 or 3, turn to 258
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 230
If you score 5, turn to 146

311
'What crops?' comes the reply. You realise that you have no idea

In the darkness you sense the danger too late. The bar crashes
into your face, knocking you back to fall into the shaft. Turn to
265.

313
There is a dull thud inside the turret of the right hand tank as if
the gun had misfired, and smoke pours out of the muzzle. The
tanks grinding slowly on towards you come to a halt. Hatches on
top of the turrets are flung open and four German soldiers,
dressed in field grey and carrying Luger pistols and Schmeisser
machine guns, fan out around you. You are about to use your
powers of the mind when a new arrival to the scene claims your
attention. Turn to 333.

314
As soon as you step into the lift the coloured lights go off and the
door hums shut. A single green light flashes as the lift
accelerates, spiralling down a long shaft and then stops. When
the door hums open, you realise you are on the far side of the
tower to that which you entered. A blue grey desert stretches as
far as the eye can see. You are only a mile or so from the tower
when a blast wave flings you head over heels and there is a
sound like a nuclear detonation. You catch sight of the tower
collapsing in on itself, as if the middle was being sucked out into
null-space. Soon all that remains is a monumental pile of rubble.
You head towards a large expanse of blue slab-like rock. Turn to
338.

315
There is no obvious way to open the plasteel door which towers
four metres tall and two metres wide. It is set three inches back
into the wall of the tower and does not appear to be hinged. The

lolloping man creature is almost upon you. Will you:
Call out loudly in the hope that someone will
open it for you?
Turn to 152
Try to push it inwards?
Turn to 162
Try to slide it sideways?
Turn to 172

316
You walk through a thin corridor into the dome. You are in a
long corridor-like chamber which stretches ahead of you. You
judge the end to be the back of the dome. The walls are grey and
tables and worktops litter the place. It is some kind of workshop.
The heat in here is stifling. You notice a bookshelf (the Gra'ak
keep their records in written form, though their script is bold
and clumsy). Absently you note that they read from right to left.
There is a door straight ahead of you and a door to your left. Will
you go through:
The left hand door?
The door straight ahead of you?

Turn to 228
Turn to 340

317
The sound of galloping horses behind is muffled as you sprint
into the opaque cloud of misty vapour. Even the scrape of your
footsteps is deadened as you enter a cloud world of fleeting
images, darting coloured lights and shadows like sinister shapes
of monsters from planet Hel. Realising that the mist is thicker
than you guessed, you stop to get your bearings, but when you
try to retrace your steps to the mist's edge you realise that you
are already lost in the swirling vapours. Three lights seem to
appear a long way off - the vapour glows and shimmers like
silken sheets of red, blue and yellow incandescence. On the left
all is red, to the right, yellow, and ahead a blue glow advances
towards you. Will you:
Move into the red?
Move into the yellow?
Let the blue glow envelop you?

Turn to 337
Turn to 347
Turn to 357

318
It is almost upon you, its breath stinking, its gaping maw lined
with razor edged teeth, its eyes like twin orbs of living madness.
Make a Thinkstrike Roll as you marshal! your thoughts to blast
its mind with energy.
If you score 7-12, turn to 120
If you score 2-6, turn to 398

319
You have buried yourself deep in the pile of soft droppings and,
though unhurt, you begin to suffocate as you realise that the
oxygen supply of your environment suit has ruptured, filling
the breathing ducts and your lungs with dried, powdered
excrement. Retching violently, you thresh towards the top of
the dung heap, finding your way only by sensing the pull of
gravity. You are coughing violently by the time you have
discarded the suit. Note that your environment suit is unusable.
You have suffered a loss of 5 Endurance points. If you are still alive,
turn to 417.

320
You ask Bloodhound if he knows anything about a Black
Monolith. 'It's what is causing the time flux that sucks things to
this lost place,' you say. 'It must be destroyed before we can
leave.'
'Yes I have,' says Bloodhound excitedly. 'The Gra'ak spoke of it
often. It completely perplexed them. It should be near the edge
of their dwellings.' After a short rest, you start across the slate
rock flats, around the reptile's home. After a time, you come to
another bowl-shaped depression, almost as large as that which
the Gra'ak lived in. But this crater is filled with dust. At its
centre rises a dull black pillar. Turn to 334.

321
The fighter screams past your right hand side then turns away.
You watch it on the radar display and realise that it is flying in
the direction of Falcon's Wing. You give chase at better than

mach four but the fighter has already fired a missile at your
Time Machine before you catch it up. A column of dust plumes
upwards into the air and, since you have no weapons on the
flyer, you decide to land and check for damage to Falcon's Wing.
Turn to 91.

322
You scrabble up the ladder towards the manhole as fast as you
can, your efforts magnified when you catch thoughts of hate,
anger and hunger from the beast which is now pursuing you.
Rather than waiting to replace the heavy manhole cover, you
race towards the gateway hoping to escape inside the tower.
Then a sound from the manhole causes you to turn and look.
Turn to 202.

323
The shrill whinny of a horse startles you but you lie still and one
of the German soldiers turns you over with his jackboot. You
pretend to be unconscious and your translator enables you to
understand a curt series of orders from the senior officer. 'Looks
like another one of those from the future in the strange
machines. Blindfold, shoot to kill on the slightest provocation
and if any of you collapse suddenly or acts strangely, shoot as
well. Beware trickery.'
'Yes Hauptsturmfuhrer.' To your astonishment, a Knight on
horseback, wearing chainmail, is looking down at you, but one
of the Germans blindfolds you with a piece of grey cloth and you
are bundled into one of the tanks. Turn to 48.

324
They listen to your pleas with great patience but the doings of
mankind in a past separated from their own time by much more
than a billion years cannot interest them. The lift door hums
closed, shutting you in the room with them and the whole tower
starts to shake as if its foundations had turned to jelly. Suddenly
there is an enormous explosion and the tower collapses in on
itself burying you in rubble for ever.

325
It does not take you long to realise that the mind bar which the
pale green human is using against you is powerful enough to
defeat your attempt to control it and it prepares to hurl itself on
you, uttering a high-pitched shriek of malice. Will you:
Use your blaster, if you still have it?
Defend yourself, using unarmed combat?

Turn to 335
Turn to 345

326
Bloodhound is almost lame and it takes an agonising minute to
cover the first thirty yards away from his prison dome. He leans
heavily on you and is struggling to keep his hopping steps quiet,
grimacing in pain whenever you have to step down from one
pile of dark slate to another. The Gra'ak seem to be absorbed in
what is happening inside the corral. A sudden keening cry
curdles your blood, as though a being was suffering unimaginable torment. You both pale. The cry was human. Will
you:
Attempt to spy on the Gra'ak corral?
Turn to 291
Hope to make good your escape without delay? Turn to 81

327
You catch the sound of galloping horses behind as you hastily
skirt the cloud of mist. You prepare to give it a wide berth but,
imperceptibly at first, the mist's edge floats towards you,
threatening to engulf you in an opaque cloud of misty vapour,
although there is not the slightest breeze to disturb the dust
underfoot. Will you:
Run directly away from the cloud?
Allow it to engulf you?

Turn to 367
Turn to 377

328
You reach out and try to seize its mind with your will. However,
its thoughts are ferocious and single minded in its voracity although intelligent, and technologically very capable, it has
basic drives: to kill, eat and dominate. Its will is powerful and it

fights back. You are locked in a mental struggle. The Saurian
desire to kill becomes the deciding factor. Slowly, very slowly,
even though you strive to prevent it, the reptile brings up its
energy rifle to fire at you. Within moments it will have achieved
this. It is taking all your strength to fight this battle of wills and
you will be an easy target. Your only chance is to release it and
try something else. Your mind feels fogged and tired. As you do
so, it staggers back for a moment in surprise and then aims its
weapon. Will you:
Try and Thinkstrike it?
Turn to 49
Drop to one knee and fire your blaster, if you
have it?
Turn to 189
Charge in to fight it hand to hand?
Turn to 296
Use the cold lance, if you have it?
Turn to 58

329
You have buried yourself deep in the pile of soft droppings and
cough and splutter as the nauseating stench and slime
overpower your senses. The effort has tired you and you lose 3
Endurance points. If you still live, retching violently, you thresh
towards the top of the dung heap, finding your way only by
sensing the pull of gravity. Soon after you reach the top of the
dung heap the cloud passes from the lip of the crevasse and
there is enough light to see by. You scrape the film of ordure
from your clothes and look around. You can hear many horses
approaching the lip of the crevasse but there is a cave in the
rockside of the crevasse, just next to the pile of guano. Will you:
Enter the cave?
Tackle the difficult climb to the lip of the
crevasse?

Turn to 11

the wreck of the Kublewagen. The ridge is only a few feet away.
You leap up and sprint for it whilst you have the chance - the
smoke from the jeep is obscuring you from the pursuing tanks
and trucks. Moments later you are at its top. Turn to 396.

331
You tell the pilot that you are a time traveller. There is silence
then you hear him shout excitedly: 'Holy Jackanapes! Salvation
at last. Can you land that thing here or do you need a runway?'
He sounds friendly enough so you tell him that you will land. As
the flyer settles to the ground on top of a ridge he tells you that
his plane is a VTOL: That's vertical take off and landing, in case
you didn't know. I'll have to find a spot that isn't too dusty - the
engines don't like it.' He lands some way away and you climb out
of the flyer and wait for him. Turn to 351.

332
Once more you are shocked to the core. Lose 2 Endurance points. If
you are still alive you see that the gate is unmoved. Then the
monster fist batters and bruises your hip and you lose another 3
Endurance points. If you are still alive, you will have to fight it out
with this perverse parody of humanity. Turn to 352.

333
A sudden shrill whinny surprises you. Turning, you see a knight
on horseback, wearing a white surcoat with a broad red cross on
it, looking down on you. He is carrying what looks like a very
advanced particle disruptor. The German Senior Officer
motions forward one of his men, a young fellow wearing glasses
with round lenses and narrow metal rims. Turn to 353.

Turn to 21

334
330
Suddenly there is a flash of light and an ear splitting explosion.
The next thing you know is that you are lying sprawled in the
sand. The Kublewagen is a mass of twisted metal, burning
voraciously, sending up a pillar of black, oily smoke into the sky.
There is no sign of Rudolf. He must have been killed, still inside

Together with Bloodhound you jump over the edge of the crater
and slide down the bank of dust, burying yourself up to your
middle. It is hard going, sinking into the dust at every step, but
after half an hour you stand before the black unreflecting
monolith. Do you have some plasplode? If you do, turn to 344. If
not, turn to 354.

335
Its huge hands are contracted into gourd-like fists, ready to
smash your head. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 355
If you score 2-4, turn to 365

336
The tank begins to change direction. Then the radio crackles
into life. 'Otto, Otto, this is Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer -why are
you turning round. Stop immediately!' Otto, your tank's
commander, utters a gasp of astonishment and then cries:'Mind
trickery - Hans is a zombie!' Before you can act, there is a sharp
pain in the back of your head and everything goes blank. Turn to
276.

337
The red mist descends upon you like a blanket, its very colour
makes you feel warm and you begin to feel better than you have
yet felt on this cold and barren planet. You breathe the red mist
in deeply, then blow little rings of red smoke out of your
nostrils. Suddenly you begin to laugh, the red mist is affecting
you like laughing gas. It occurs to you to make a painting on the
sandy ground, but the only thing you can think of to use as paint
is blood. Turn to 69.

338
After some time you are walking across a flat-bed of bluish slate
-like rock. The rock is warm-it seems of volcanic origin, for the
whole place radiates heat from the ground. Eventually you find
yourself at the lip of a large bowl-like depression, at the bottom
of which lie several grey domes. You gasp involuntarily at what
greets your eyes. One of the domes has another transparent
dome, much smaller, attached to its rear. Inside you can see
Bloodhound. His uniform is in tatters and he looks tired and
worn, but essentially OK. He is held upright somehow. Most of
the domes have single arches as doors - the dome with
Bloodhound in is guarded by a strange beast. It is about seven
feet tall, in appearance rather like a Tyrannosaurus Rex, the

carnivorous dinosaur of Earth's distant past. However, its head
is crocodilian with an extended crested braincase that hangs
down over its back. The hind legs are massive, the forearms
smaller, ending in four fingered manipulative hands. It has
rudimentary clothing, mostly belts and straps holding various
items of indefinable equipment. In its hand it holds some form of
weapon - possibly a laser rifle. Its jaw slavers continuously, its
yellow lidded eyes flick constantly. These reptiles are probably
cold blooded and need high temperature to maintain their
metabolic rate. No other reptiles seem to be nearby but several
of them are in some kind of corral on the other side of the bowl.
You cannot make out what they are doing but there are many
violent and savage movements and the squealing cry of some
beast in pain. Feeding perhaps.
Realising you will have to get into the dome you climb down into
the depression and crawl as silently as you can towards the
dome, sweat breaking out on your forehead as you labour in the
tropical heat of the depression. The heat seems to be held down
here. You are about fifty yards away, crouched down behind a
trough filled with hot bubbling mud. Its purpose is beyond you.
The Saurian guard begins to sniff the air suspiciously. You will
have to act now, or the guard will find you out in moments,
using its obviously powerful sense of smell. Will you:
Fire your blaster at it, if you still possess it?
Use a cold lance, if you have one?
Thinkstrike the reptile?
Try to control it with Powers of
Will?

Turn to 18
Turn to 58
Turn to 118
Turn to 328

339
The mist is indeed a strange, but highly intelligent life form,
which has been distorting your thoughts and causing you to
hallucinate and feel illusions. It is one of the Sossorri, or Cloud
Beings, which float in the ether of their gas giant world even in
3034 AD. Now that you have proved yourself able to withstand
the subtle mind attacks it has subjected you to, the Sossoros no
longer wishes to absorb your life-essence and will not harm you.
It flows gently past you until you are standing under the light of

the red moon once more. The great cloud of mist hovers nearby.
Will you choose this moment:
To flee across the dusty plain?
Engage it in telepathic conversation?

Turn to 359
Turn to 369

340
You step through the door and find yourself in the transparent
dome housing your old friend, Agent Bloodhound. He is held
within a small personnel dome, standing on a steel pedestal,
linked to a bank of instrumentation. He is looking rather the
worse for wear, but he does not look badly injured - more tired,
mentally. At the sight of you his jaw drops and his eyes light up
with hope. His voice comes to you through the small air holes
bored into the dome that covers him. 'Section Chief Falcon! You
came! Thanks, sir. Good to see you again Falcon, that's for sure. I
managed to destroy my Time Machine, so those Gra'ak couldn't
try to use it - that's what these reptiles are called, from the
planet Gra'akii, beyond the galactic rim. I thought I was
marooned here.' As Bloodhound talks you are busily investigating the tube-like clear dome that imprisons him. 'They've
been keeping me here, using mind probes on me, trying to force
me to tell them how to build another machine, but I've resisted
so far. It seems this is the end of time, Falcon, in fact time does
not really exist anymore. People get drawn here by some
strange force or temporal warp.' Bloodhound seems to be
almost delirious. The mind torture has effected him.

'Listen to me. Blood, listen,' and you batter on the dome. He
stops and stares at you, wild eyed. 'How do I get this open,
Blood, there's not much time!' You cannot blast it for fear of
hurting Bloodhound.
'Oh yes, Falcon - sorry, my head, it's ... That console there those three coloured buttons. You have to press them in a
certain sequence but I haven't been able to determine the correct
sequence. I think if you get it wrong, an alarm goes off.' You

must try to get him out. Will you press the buttons in the
following order:
Red, green then yellow?
Red, yellow then green?
Yellow, green then red?

Turn to 286
Turn to 346
Turn to 378

'Yes Hauptsturmfuhrer.' Suddenly the Knight begins to speak
and the young German stops in his tracks. Your translator
works normally but you can recognise the language yourself as
mediaeval Latin. If you have a sword with a freezing blade with
you, turn to 363, if not, turn to 373.

341

344

You have only yourself to rely upon now, and blaming yourself
serves only to plunge you into dark despair. Jealousy of the
other agents who do not have to bear the responsibility of being
Section Leader, and envy of Jobanque who is no longer exposed
to such danger now that he is a Lord of TIME, prey upon you.
From somewhere the seed of suicide is planted and it begins to
grow, crushing all hope like a many tendrilled creeper that
poisons a tree. Will you:

Bloodhound sets the charge and when he is safely out of the way
you detonate it. Shards of unreflective black crystal shower the
crater, the pieces burying themselves. When the dust settles,
every last trace of the monolith has disappeared. Nothing is left
of the artefact that could rob great galleons from all places in all
times. Feeling a tremendous sense of awe and achievement you
begin the climb back to the rim of the crater. If you have:

Try to run blindly out of the cloud?
Thinkstrike the cloud in case it has a mind of
own?
Exert your Power of Will to snap out of your
despair?

Turn to 381
its
Turn to 391

A compass given to you by Kowalski you may
use it,
Turn to 384
A device given by the Ardanni and wish to use
it,
Turn to 364
Otherwise,
Turn to 374

Turn to 401

342
As you touch the gate, a terrible shock jolts through you. Lose 2
Endurance points. If you are still alive, you see that the gate has
started to slide open, enough for you to slip through into a lit
passageway beyond. The boom-boom of the machinery buffets
your eardrums. Just then the monster's fist smashes into your
hip, bruising and battering it. You lose 3 further Endurance points but,
if you are still alive, the force of the blow has knocked you
through the gateway. Turn to 362.

343
Your translator enables you to understand a curt series of
orders from the senior German Officer, as he points at you.
'Looks like another one of those from the future in the strange
machines. Blindfold, shoot to kill on the slightest provocation
and if any of you collapse suddenly or act strangely, shoot as
well. Beware mind trickery.'

345
The strange human's fists are bunched into huge pale gourdlike bunches of bone as it prepares to pound your head. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 375
If you score 2-5, turn to 385

346
You depress the buttons rapidly: red, yellow, then green. To
your horror a steel cover slides over the console and an alarm
begins to ring out. 'Wait! It'll activate again in a few minutes,'
says Bloodhound. There may still be time.' You can do nothing
but wait, spine tingling in anticipation. 'Come on, come on.'
mutters Bloodhound. Looking out of the transparent dome you
can see several Gra'ak running towards you from the direction
of another grey dome. Then the cover slides back again. What

sequence of buttons will you press this time? Will you push:
Green, red then yellow?
Red, green then yellow?
Yellow, green then red?

Turn to 358
Turn to 278
Turn to 148

347
You stop as the yellow luminescence swirls all around you. You
can see no way out of the opaque mist. You try to get your
bearings, and doubts assail you. You realise you are hopelessly
lost, the cloud closed in around you without any wind and as far
as you know it could move with you so that you would never see
the red moon of this world again. Turn to 281.

348
The driver turns round and fires. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 3 or 5, turn to 208
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 310

349
There is a commotion within the cloud, then it begins to flow
past you until at last you are outside it and the motionless red
sun glowers down on you once more. As the mist recedes at a
startling rate you catch some of its thoughts. It is a Sossorus, a
powerfully intelligent life form which is no more than a mist.
Even in 3034 AD the Sossorri float freely in the gas cloud
atmosphere of the red giant planet which is their home. You
have missed the chance to learn something from this being for it
is already lost to your sight. Shrugging disconsolately you walk
on towards the great tower. Turn to 60.

350
You refuse politely, saying that it might affect the course of
history to take him back. His smile fades. 'Have it your own way,
then,' and he turns on his heel and heads back to the plane. With
a whine it revs up and then floats into the air before rocketing
away. Just then, a group of horsemen ride out and a shout goes
up at the sight of you. Some tanks come into sight at the same

time from around a low hill. You are caught in the open. A hail of
machine gun fire peppers the rocky flat and you are cut down
like ripe corn.

351
The fighter's nose dips, then rears skywards as the plane hovers,
then descends gently to the ground on a table of windswept
rock. Although the rock is comparatively free of dust the
enormously powerful jets which rotate throw up a great plume
of debris and silt which completely obscures the plane. You are
waiting for the pilot to reappear when something nearby
catches your attention. A steady chugging of heavy machinery
causes you to turn and you see a large metallic vehicle lumbering
towards you on caterpillar tracks. A turret on top of the main
body carries a large projectile weapon, a barrel which locks onto
you as the machine moves. A second and a third appear over a
low rise. You recognise them from your history holovids as
Tiger tanks, armoured war vehicles of the German army that
were used to good effect in WWII. Their markings indicate an SS
battalion. One of the tanks opens fire, scoring a direct hit on
your flyer. The explosion rips it asunder. Obviously feeling
vulnerable, the USAF pilot takes his fighter straight up into the
air and roars away. There is nowhere to hide out here in the
open. Will you:
Go for your blaster?
Await developments?
Run down the other side of the ridge?

Turn to 203
Turn to 213
Turn to 396

352
If you wish to use your Power of the Mind against this human
beast, turn to 372. If not, you must fight on, turn to 382.
353
Your translator enables you to understand a curt series of
orders from the senior German Officer as he points at you:
'Looks like another one of those from the future in the strange
machines. Blindfold, shoot to kill on the slightest provocation
and if any of you collapse suddenly or act strangely, shoot as
well. Beware mind trickery.'

'Yes Hauptsturmfuhrer.' Suddenly the Knight begins to speak
and the young German stops in his tracks. Your translator
works normally but you can recognise the language yourself as
mediaeval Latin. If you have a sword with a freezing blade with
you, turn to 383, if not, turn to 373.

354
The unreflecting black monolith denies all of your attempts to
destroy it. Bloodhound's blaster makes no impression. In the
end you are forced to scour the planet for explosives. When you
reach the rim of the crater again, the black monolith slides
gently out of sight below the dust, as if it knew your purpose.
The dust ocean reaches five hundred feet to the floor of the
crater and you know you can never reach the monolith. Falcon's
Wing cannot jump back. You are doomed to a twilight life at the
end of time.

355
The blaster's spurt of ionized plasma affects the pale green
human just as it would affect yourself. Its bloated balloon head
disappears in a cloud of vapour and the body threshes on the
ground twice before becoming still. There are no other clues as
to what the thing was except that its long digits are stained
faintly red at their tips. You decide to press on to the gate. Turn
to 185.

356
The tank commander leans forward and starts to remove your
blindfold. 'What are you doing, Otto?' says a voice. 'Otto, stop,
you heard the Hauptsturmfuhrer's orders.'
Before you can do anything another voice shouts, 'Stop him,
mind trickery!' Quickly you rip off the blindfold and leap up, but
one of the men drives a rifle butt into your face and you stagger
back. The pain causes you to lose control of Otto, and there is a
sudden flash of pain in the back of your head and everything
goes black. Turn to 276.

357
A strange impression of peaceful serenity floods your mind as
the incandescent blue gas cocoons you and then you shrink.
Your size dwindles rapidly - and the ground surges up towards
you until you are no larger than an ant perched between two
grains of sand as large as small boulders. Uncannily the
transformation barely perturbs you. The thought of scrambling
across the sea of sand grain boulders seems too much trouble to
contemplate. You settle down to rest. Turn to 31.

358
You cry out in rage as the steel cover slides over the console once
more. The Gra'ak will be here within seconds. 'It's no good,
Falcon, try to save yourself!' shouts Bloodhound.
'Never!' you reply, 'we can still fight our way out!' But just as the
cover slides up again, several of the reptiles burst in. You try to
fight but they are deadly quick, and there are too many of them.
You are overwhelmed and torn limb from limb. It's the end of
the timeline for you, Falcon.

359
You walk hastily away, still in the direction of the strange
building. The mist remains unmoving, even when a light breeze
springs up. Turn to 60.

360
Kowalski crumples but regains consciousness just as the hatch
seals Bloodhound and yourself inside Falcon's Wing. The
camera shows the jet take off as you are reaching back across the
aeons for the Eiger Vault, Earth, in 3034 AD. Kowalski begins
his attack run and still you cannot find the timehole. In panic you
search for another timehole but the missiles from the starfighter strike home. You are killed instantaneously.

361
Blaming Bloodhound causes you to remember your own
courage in coming to this planet to save him and the feeling of
despair leaves you. You will save your friend and fellow agent or
die in the attempt. Turn to 411.

362

366

As soon as you are through the gate it slides shut once more,
with a whine of heavy machinery, cutting your assailant off
from you. Sucking in great lungfuls of air, you walk down a
short, featureless corridor to what is evidently a lift. Turn to
214.

A slapping noise like raw meat on a marble slab in the Oldways
life museum causes you to look back. A hideous apparition
greets your gaze. It is humanoid but the hands and head are
grossly distorted. The hands are like great splayed feet, with
many jointed digits that claw the dust, whilst the head is swollen
like a balloon. It is nude, evidently male and its skin and eyes are
a sickly pale green in colour. It is chasing you, its gait ungainly as
it lollops on all fours. Will you:

363
This prisoner I claim in the name of Leopold the Great and the
Knights of St John.' The Knight's words carry the ring of firm
resolve. The spectacled soldier translates the Latin for the
Hauptsturmfuhrer and is instructed to reply that: 'He, the
Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer, claims the prisoner for the glory of
the Fourth Reich,' on the basis that the tanks spotted you first.
The Knight disagrees, saying that he has tracked you for some
miles and he goes on: 'The stranger carries the sacred sword and
has profaned the Lord.' He points the particle disruptor at the
Hauptsturmfuhrer's head. The German hesitates for a moment
and then orders his men back to their tanks, leaving you with
the strange Knight. Turn to 7.

364
After a long trek the device given you by the Ardanni leads you
back to their burrows. One of the timid squirrel-like humanoids
guides you back to Falcon's Wing, then vanishes chattering
across the sand plain. Bloodhound follows you into your Time
Machine and the Variac Drive sucks you into the nothingness of
the void. Turn to 420.

Run to the gate?
Probe its mind using Psychic Awareness?
Use your Power of Will to control it?

Turn to 285
Turn to 295
Turn to 305

367
As fast as you run, so the rolling bank of mist like a great breaker
flows on, threatening to engulf you. As you are nearing a slight
depression, it floods around you. You sprint on desperately, but
there is whiteness all around and then you are falling. Turn to
387.

368
As quickly as you can, you try to take over Meyer's mind. Make
a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 26
If you score 2-6, turn to 160

369
Will you ask the Sossorros:

365
You have forgotten to flick off the safety catch and when you
fire nothing happens. Perhaps seeing such a hideous malformation of humanity has unnerved you. You have only a split
second to dodge the bunch of bones that is its fist. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 9-12, turn to 375
If you score 2-8, turn to 385

Whether any beings live in the strange tower? Turn to 379
How it came to be on this time forsaken
world?
Turn to 389
Who the other non-being was who endured the
mist's caresses?
Turn to 399

370
You clamp the man's mind in a vice-like mental grip, dominating

his will. Will you force him to:
Remove your blindfold?
Open fire on his comrades?
Cover them with his Luger and threaten to
shoot them unless they do as you say?

Turn to 356
Turn to 390
Turn to 268

371
Blaming Jobanque will not help you now. You feel bitterly
betrayed by your leader and envious of his position as a Lord of
TIME, shielded from the dangers which are a part of your life.
Your will to resist is lost in rancour and jealousy. Will you:
Run blindly in an attempt to get out of the
cloud?
Try to Thinkstrike the cloud in case it has a
mind of its own?

'Very well,' comes the reply, 'come to the Stalag at the tenth
hour tomorrow.' Satisfied, the Knight spurs his horse down the
hillock and out of sight. Several soldiers rush you - you struggle
but there are too many of them, despite your mind powers. You
are blindfolded with a piece of grey cloth and bundled into one of
the tanks. Turn to 48.

374
Navigation across the dimly lit featureless plains of this world is
very difficult. After a week's wandering you finally reach the
dunghills near Falcon's Wing and soon spot the Time Machine.
But, to your horror, it has been smashed. The tracks of German
Tiger tanks surround the irreparable wreckage. You are
doomed to a twilight life at the end of time.

Turn to 381
Turn to 143

372
As you probe its mind to find a weakness you are 'stunned to
realise that it has a psychic power of its own. A powerful mind
bar thwarts your mental attack and the creature's fist begins to
pummel you. You have lost the initiative, subtract 2 from your next 2
dice rolls and turn to 402.

373
This prisoner I claim in the name of Leopold the Great and the
Knights of St John.' The Knight's words carry the ring of firm
resolve. The spectacled soldier translates the Latin for the
Hauptsturmfuhrer and is instructed to reply that: 'He, the
Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer, claims the prisoner for the glory of
the Fourth Reich,' on the basis that the tanks spotted you first.
The Knight disagrees, saying that he has tracked you for some
miles.
'Why then, if you wished to capture the prey, did you not do so
earlier?' queries the Hauptsturmfuhrer.
The Knight has no reply to this and says instead: 'I demand the
right to question the stranger at length.'

375
Ducking and swivelling on the ball of your left foot you prepare
to karate chop the pale green human's head. Make an Attack
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 395
If you score 2-5, turn to 405

376
He falls under the sway of your will. 'Oh, I see Rudolf. OK, see
you later/ you make him say. One of the guards looks at the
sergeant quizzically, but that is all. Trying to look nonchalant,
you walk towards the gate, concentrating on keeping the
sergeant quiet. As you walk up to the guards, trying to think of a
way of bluffing them, one of them says, 'Off to tend your lovely
plants, eh, Rudolf - got some new seed from the Future People,
eh?' his voice heavy with ridicule, and the other laughs. You nod
tiredly as if used to putting up with their teasing. Thankful that
Rudolf was interested in gardening you walk out onto the
featureless expanse of dust. You head towards a ridge a few
hundred yards away. Then a sentry shouts, That's the wrong
way, Rudolf.' Unable to maintain your concentration at this
range, the sergeant breaks your hold over him. You break into a
run as a hue and cry goes up. You can hear the sound of engines
revving and one of the sentries opens fire with his rifle. Bullets

whine through the air, throwing up dust nearby. Within a few
minutes you are pounding up the side of the ridge. At its top you
pause to look behind - several tanks and.trucks, full of
uniformed soldiers are spewing out of the SS compound. Turn
to 396.

377
The mist soon swirls all around you, eddying in whirlpools
seemingly caused by spirits or demons. You have entered a
world of fleeting images, darting coloured lights and shadows
like sinister shapes of monsters from planet Hel. Realising that
the mist is thicker than you guessed, you stop to get your
bearings, but when you try to retrace your steps to the mist's
edge, you realise you are already lost in the swirling vapours.
Three lights seem to appear a long way off. The vapour glows
and shimmers like silken sheets of red, blue and green
incandescence. On the left all is red, to the right yellow, and
ahead, a blue glow approaches. Will you:
Move into the red?
Move into the green?
Let the blue glow envelop you?

Turn to 337
Turn to 347
Turn to 357

378
You depress the buttons. Nothing happens for a moment. Then
there is a humming sound and the capsule around Bloodhound
splits and opens up like a blossom. Bloodhound steps out. 'I
knew you could do it,' Bloodhound says. Supporting him with
one arm, you re-enter the dome proper. You may open the door,
now on your right, before leaving the dome, if you have not
done so already. If so, turn to 218. If you want to leave the dome
immediately, turn to 326.

379
In response to your question, the Sossorros replies: 'Such nonbeings as yourself exist there, they are thinking sub-life forms
but their instruments of making and doing lie idle.' You ask it to
describe further these life forms, and a series of mental images
flood your brain. They are human like you, and yet different,

some grotesquely malformed or mutated, but the Sossorros
does not think of them as imperfect, merely highly adapted.
They appear to be members of an advanced civilisation. Will
you:
Ask who the other non-being was who endured
the mist's caresses?
Turn to 413
Ask how the Sossorri came to be on this time
forsaken world?
Turn to 5
Choose this moment to flee from the strange
Turn to 359
mist entirely?

380
Then the air is filled with a loud roar and a silvery jet fighter
with the letters USAF on its side hurtles across the sky, banking
sharply to fly overhead. It screams in low towards you as if on a
strafing run and then decelerates fast. Sleek and very manouverable, it starts to hover before slowly descending to the
rocky flat, only a hundred yards from you. If you have seen this
plane before, turn to 300. If not, turn to 238.

381
As fast as you run, so the cloud seems to move with you. The
uneven ground causes you to pitch forward suddenly and you
slither down the steep side of a gully, hitting jagged rocks at its
bottom with bone cracking force. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are
still alive turn to 403.

382
If you still have your blaster turn to 392. If not, turn to 402.

383
This prisoner I claim in the name of Leopold the Great and the
Knights of St John.' The Knight's words carry the ring of firm
resolve. The spectacled soldier translates the Latin for the
Hauptsturmfuhrer and is instructed to reply that: 'He, the
Hauptsturmfuhrer Meyer, claims the prisoner for the glory of
the Fourth Reich,' on the basis that the tanks spotted you first.
The Knight disagrees, saying that he has tracked you for some

miles and he goes on, 'The stranger carries the sacred sword and
has profaned the Lord.' He points the particle disruptor at the
Hauptsturmfuhrer's head. The German officer does not flinch.
He orders the young soldier to say that you must be punished
for attacking men of the First Starlight SS battalion and that
even if he dies the Knight will be killed by his men. The Knight's
face grows as red as the moon's. The Hauptsturmfuhrer ducks
as the particle disruptor emits a purple beam that burns a hole
into the ground. The Knight sweeps the area with the beam and
the soldiers scream as parts of their flesh are atomised, but a
shot from a Luger pistol startles the Knight's horse. In the
mayhem you decide to make good your escape and charge down
the other side of the hillock. Turn to 396.

384
After a long trek the compass leads you back to the dunghills
near Falcon's Wing, and then you spot the Time Machine itself.
Beyond it stands a gleaming USAF starfighter, and Kowalski
smiles in greeting. If you are happy to take him back with you to
3034 AD, turn to 394. If you order Bloodhound to Thinkstrike
the pilot, turn to 404.

385
You dodge too late - the strange human's co-ordination is good
and the knotted tangle of knuckles crashes onto your cranium,
denting it somewhat. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive
you are so dazed that you can but try feebly to dodge its next
blow. Turn to 2.

cottage, a square hut with a single door. It is spartanly furnished
inside with a wooden bed, table and chairs - no windows. An
electric bulb gives light. The guards push you in and lock the
door. You are alone. Turn to 416.

387
For what seems like an eternity, you fall from the whiteness
of the cloud, into the blackness of a deep crevasse, but in
reality it is scant seconds before you nose dive into a mound of
bird droppings, collected over the uncounted centuries. If you
are wearing your environment suit, turn to 397. If you are
not, turn to 407.

388
Legs pounding like pistons you dash towards the rocky ground.
Looking behind you can see a tank cresting the ridge. It topples
forward and slews down the slope to the bottom, where it turns
towards you, throwing up a spray of sand. Another comes over
the top. You can see a truck close behind it, but this does not
come down - the slope is too steep for it. Instead, soldiers boil
out of it and scramble down the ridge. You are only yards from
the cover of some low misshapen boulders, eroded and weatherworn, when the tanks open fire, shells exploding nearby as they
try to find your range. Make an Evasion Roll as you dive for the
safety of the boulders.
If you score 7-12, turn to 176
If you score 2-6, turn to 156

386
Fromm smiles expansively and says, 'Excellent, excellent, I'm so
glad you're being sensible, so glad. Meyer, place the timefarer in
solitary confinement under close guard.' Turning to you he
continues, 'It is for your own safety, of course. The last time the
Dragonmen came and plucked Bloodhound from our midst,
leaving a trail of death and destruction as they did so, I might
add. It will take a few hours to ready my men - once that is done,
you will take us to your Time Machine and take us home.
Goodbye for now, Falcon.' You are taken to another wooden

389
The Sossorros floods your mind with images of its own world,
where thousands like it float free in the atmosphere of a great
red gas giant of a world, in the freezing atmosphere, where the
gravity is still so heavy that they are smaller in volume than the
one which stretches for fifty metres to either side of you. The
Cloud-Being tells you that a superior life form has used an
instrument of planar travel to trap beings from many worlds
and times on this world which teeters on the brink of

annihilation, at the dusk of time. Will you:
Ask where this instrument of planar travel can
be found?
Turn to 15
Ask who the other non-being was who endured
the mist's caresses?
Turn to 25
Ask whether any beings live in the strange
tower?
Turn to 35
Choose this moment to flee from the strange
mist entirely?
Turn to 359

390
The man under your control fires his pistol and you rip off your
blindfold. There is a loud report and you see the radio man
collapse with a bullet in his arm. The gunner, a rifle in his hand,
shouts, 'Otto, no! He's controlling your mind!' but you force the
one called Otto to fire at the gunner. However, he misses. The
gunner immediately drops to the floor in a huddle and you can
see the driver hunching down in his seat. The radioman curses
fearfully as the pistol's bullet begins to ricochet dangerously
around the interior of the tank. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1 or 3, turn to 196
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 98
If you score 5, turn to 180

391
Your act is a desperate one for you have not identified the
presence of alien thought within the cloud of mist. Make a
Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 283
If you score 2-5, turn to 193

392
The blaster's spurt of ionised plasma affects the pale green
human just as it would affect yourself. Its bloated balloon head
disappears in a cloud of vapour and the body threshes on the
ground twice before becoming still. There are no other clues as

to what the thing was except that its long digits are stained
faintly red at their tips. You face the gate once more. Turn to
185.

393
Once more you are shocked to the core. Lose 2 Endurance points. If
you are still alive you see that the gate is unmoved. Will you:
Call out for someone to open it?
Risk touching it again in an effort to slide it
open?

Turn to 52
Turn to 72

394
Kowalski and Bloodhound strap themselves to strong points
inside the cramped Time Machine and the Variac Drive sucks
you into the darkness of the void. Four hours later, you are
already testing Kowalski to see if he is a prospective Special
Agent for the TIME police. Turn to 420.

395
Your blow strikes home. The neck which holds the bloated head
is surprisingly tough. The blow would have felled any normal
man, but your assailant merely staggers back before coming at
you again. You decide to try to escape through the gateway into
the tower. Turn to 12.

396
The ground slopes downward below you. You leap forward and
slide down through the sand, coming to your feet at the bottom.
Looking straight ahead you can see a tall tower some distance
away, pointing like a finger into the sky. The ground is flat and
open between you and it. To the left, about three hundred yards
away, is some rocky, broken ground, pockmarked with many
crater-like depressions, rising to some low hills and gullies.
There is not much of it, it is like an island in a sea of sand. Ochre
coloured fern-like vegetation is scattered sparsely about the
hills. Will you:
Sprint, for the rocky ground?
Run as fast as you can for the tower?

Turn to 388
Turn to 256

397
You have buried yourself deep in the pile of soft droppings and,
though unhurt, you begin to suffocate as you realise that the
oxygen supply of your environment suit has ruptured, filling
the breathing ducts and your lungs with dried, powdered'
excrement. Retching violently, you thresh towards the top of
the dung heap, finding your way only by sensing the pull of
gravity. You are coughing violently by the time you have discarded the suit. Note that your environment suit is unusuable.
You have suffered a loss of 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive,
turn to 417.

398
It roars in pain, but carries on unhurt. You howl in fear as it
crashes into you. Teeth as sharp as razors sink into your shoulder, and taloned claws rake your back. You scream in agony and
it begins to shake you in its jaws like a rag doll. Your shoulder
comes away in its mouth and you collapse. Then it begins to feed
on you. A gruesome and unpleasant end for you, Falcon!

399
The Sossorros fills your mind with the instantly recognisable
image of a person. Bloodhound. A Bloodhound whose SAT
uniform is tattered and torn, but it is definitely Bloodhound.
Will you:
Ask where Bloodhound is?
Turn to 45
How the Sossorros came to be on this time
forsaken world?
Turn to 5
Choose this moment to flee from the strange
cloud entirely?
Turn to 359
Ask whether any beings live in the strange
tower?
Turn to 35

400
They drag you across the compound to a low hut where you are
hurled to the floor. A man dressed in a smart black uniform,
sporting a monocle, smiles down at you chillingly. 'I was hoping
Ernst would send you to me, Untermensch,' he whispers, his

voice laden with evil menace. 'I shall enjoy this.' With that he
signals to the guards and before you have even collected your
thoughts, they begin to beat you, methodically. There are too
many of them and the pain is such that you cannot concentrate
to use your mind powers. Time seems to stop - everything is
pain. Finally, at last, you pass out. You have lost 10 Endurance
points.. If you still live, you recover some time later, your body a
mass of aches and bruises. It is all you can do to stop yourself
from groaning loudly. You are in a small hut. There is only one
door and no windows. You lie there quietly for a moment,
knowing that if you announce your presence, they will start
beating you again. Shortly, the door opens, causing your heart
to beat in fear. A strange figure walks in. He is not dressed in
regulation SS uniform but in a hotch potch of SS clothing and
whatever else he has been able to get hold of. His head and face
is heavily muffled by a red scarf, presumably to keep out the
dust and he wears a forage cap. He offers you a bowl of steaming
vegetable broth. It tastes indifferent, consisting of various beans
and barley. He says he has come to fetch you and that his name
is Rudolf Schindler and that he does all the trading with the
other groups marooned here. Will you:
Thinkstrike him - perhaps you can dress in his
clothes and get out of here?
Turn to 128
Ask him if he is a Nazi?
Turn to 260

ordinated fists drive through the thin air at your head. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 412
If you score 2-5, turn to 4

403
The yellow mist still hangs above you, on one side it glows
green, on the other orange. The climb is not difficult. Will you
climb towards:
Turn to 415
Turn to 147

The green?
The orange?
404

Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 2 or 3, turn to 414
If you score 4, 5 or 6, turn to 360

405
Your blow simply isn't powerful enough. The neck which holds
the bloated head seems surprisingly tough and the huge fist
pounds at your skull again. Turn to 22.

406
401
Your willpower has been strangely sapped by the glowing cloud
but you muster as much strength of mind as you can, drawing
on every ounce of experience gained since you joined the TIME
police. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 157
If you score 2-6, turn to 51

402
The monster chuckles maliciously as its surprisingly well co-

The sounds of pursuit are closer now and you sprint out across
the rocky flat onto the sand, heading in the direction of the
tower. The soldiers run out of the rocks behind you, firing
desultorily - several tanks round a low hill and rumble after you,
accompanied by mounted knights. You are beginning to worry
that the pilot has betrayed you when there is a screaming wail
and the Starfighter hurtles from the skies like a bullet. Flares
seem to ignite under its wings and then two rockets streak away
from the fighter as it pulls up. One of them slams into a tank
obliterating it completely, engulfing it in a ball of flame. Another
explodes close to the first, blowing off a tank track. The horses
whinny and rear uncontrollably. After another couple of

strafing runs, your pursuers have turned tail and fled, leaving
behind several dead and three wrecked Tiger tanks. At last, free
from pursuit, you slacken off the punishing pace of your
running. The Starfighter screams past overhead, wings waggling and then soars away to the west. Turn to 60.

you and teeth as sharp as razors sink into your shoulder, while
taloned claws rake your back. You scream in agony and it begins
to shake you in its jaws like a rag doll. Your shoulder comes
away in its mouth and you collapse. Then it begins to feed on
you. A gruesome and unpleasant end for you, Falcon!

407

411

You have buried yourself deep in the pile of soft droppings and
cough and splutter as the nauseating stench and slime
overpower your senses. Retching violently you thresh towards
the top of the dung heap, finding your way only by sensing the
pull of gravity. Soon after you reach the top of the dung heap
the cloud passes from the lip of the crevasse and there is enough
light to see by. You scrape the film of ordure from your clothes
and look around. You can hear many horses approaching the lip
of the crevasse but there is a cave in the rockside of the crevasse,
just next to the pile of guano. Will you:

You decide to press on through the mist, determined to escape
the strange, cloying vapours. All around you is a luminescent
yellow glow, but on one it is tinged with green, on the other
orange. Will you walk towards:

Enter the cave?
Tackle the difficult climb to the lip of the
crevasse?

Turn to 11
Turn to 21

408
You have failed to control his mind, and you sprint for the gate.
'Stop! The prisoner is escaping - halt or we open fire!' Desperately you weave and zigzag. There is the chatter of a projectile weapon and the last thing you notice is the watchtower
guns blazing away at you. Your body is riddled with bullets and
you are hurled backwards to die in the dust of the compound.

Turn to 415
Turn to 147

The green glow?
The orange?

412
Ducking and swivelling on the ball of your left foot you prepare
to karate chop the pale green human's head. Make an Attack
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 14
If you score 2-5, turn to 24

413
The Sossorros fills your mind with the instantly recognisable
image of a person. Bloodhound. A Bloodhound whose SAT
uniform is tattered and torn, but it is definitely Bloodhound.
Suddenly the mist begins to recede away from you at a great
rate. Either it is bored by your questioning, or something has
frightened it. Turn to 60.

409
After a while you set off walking aimlessly for no particular
reason, stopping to shout challenges, and gesticulating wildly
from time to time. By the time you have marched past an area of
gravel chips to a pock-marked hillock, the strange feeling has left
you. Turn to 183.

410
In your panic, you miss the hideous carnivore. It crashes into

414
Kowalski crumples but regains consciousness just as the hatch
seals Bloodhound and yourself inside Falcon's Wing. The
camera shows the jet take off as you are reaching back across the
aeons for the Eiger Vault, Earth in 3034 AD. Kowalski begins an
attack run, his jet fighter screaming across the sky, but at last
you locate the timehole and the Variac Drive sucks you into the
nothingness of the void. Turn to 420.

415
You hurry quickly into the embrace of the green flame-like
mists and, before you know where you are, you are cocooned in
a chill blue glow, where the blue and yellow mist meets the
green glow is produced, you are now beyond it, cocooned in
blue. A strange impression of peaceful serenity floods your
mind and then you shrink. Your size dwindles rapidly - and the
ground surges up towards you until you are no larger than an
ant perched between two grains of sand as large as small
boulders. Uncannily the transformation barely perturbs you.
The thought of scrambling across the sea of sand grain boulders
seems too much trouble to contemplate. You settle down to rest.
Turn to 31, unless this is the second time you have shrunk, in
which case, turn to 149.

416
After a time, the door opens, flooding the hut with dull red light,
and a strange figure steps in. He is not dressed in regulation SS
uniform but in a hotch potch of strange clothing and whatever
else he has been able to get hold of. His head and face is heavily
muffled by a red scarf, presumably to keep out the dust and he
wears a forage cap. He offers you a bowl of steaming vegetable
broth. It tastes indifferent, consisting of various beans and
barley. He says he has come to feed you and that his name is
Rudolf Schindler and that he does all the trading with the other
groups marooned here. Will you:
Thinkstrike him - perhaps you can dress in his
clothes and get out of here?
Turn to 128
Ask him if he is a Nazi?
Turn to 260

417
Casting your useless environment suit aside, you scrape the film
of ordure from your clothes and look around. You can hear
many horses approaching the lip of the crevasse but there is a
cave in the rockside of the crevasse, just next to the pile of
guano. Will you:
Enter the cave?
Tackle the difficult climb to the lip of the
crevasse?

Turn to 11
Turn to 21

418
The blast of plasma lands squarely on its massive head. It
explodes in a mass of flame, brains and blood. The body flies
backward, slamming against the wall of the dome where it slides
to the ground twitching, its head simply burnt off. It is over in
seconds. You pause to see if anything has heard you, but
nothing happens. You dart forward towards the archway.
Around one of the forearms of the beast is a band of polished
metal, brightly painted with three bars of colour - red, green and
yellow. You pause at the entrance but all is quiet. Silently you
glide into the dome. Turn to 316.

419
Your path takes you around a large area of gravel chips on
towards a pockmarked hillock, and after a while obliquely across
a set of tracks which stretch towards nothing to either side as far
as the eye can see. They remind you of fish bones, a series of
parallel indentations made by a very heavy vehicle, but there is
no indication as to what drove it or whether it is a robot. You
trudge on towards the hillock and realise that you are growing
thirsty. Turn to 183.

420
As you are resting in the recuperative wing of the TIME
building, only a day after your return, you are summoned first
to Jobanque's office and then ordered to attend the TIME Lords
in the Hall of Honours. You wend your weary way to your
Commanding Officer's office at the appointed time. Jobanque is
standing behind his desk as you walk in. He nods a greeting
somewhat frostily and them smiles and shakes his head. 'You
never cease to amaze me, Falcon, and I am very glad you are back
... but you have overstepped the mark this time, I'm afraid.
Well, more of that later - now it is my happy duty to award you
the Golden Sunburst, for exceptional bravery in rescuing a
comrade in the field, beyond the call of duty. Way beyond the
call of duty,' he adds darkly. He leans forward and pins the medal
on your chest - the most coveted medal of bravery there is.
Thank you for bringing back Agent Bloodhound, Falcon, at the
risk of your own life,' says Jobanque, shaking your hand.

Thank you sir,' you reply.
'Don't thank me yet, Falcon, now to the Hall of Honours.' Soon
you are standing in front of the horseshoe-shaped desk in the
Hall of Honours behind which sit the five Lords of TIME. Pilota,
tall and gaunt; Silvermane, the Rigellian, massive and powerful;
Jobanque of Earth; R'lllk, the lobster-like being of Kelados and
Blackback of the Clyss, a fearsome insectoid. There is silence for
a moment and then Jobanque stands up and speaks solemnly.
'For blatant disobedience in the face of direct orders from a Lord
of TIME, the council of TIME Lords has decided, with all due
consideration and debate, that Section Chief Falcon is to be
stripped of his rank and title and reduced to Special Agent, Class
I.' As you stand there stunned, he looks at you and says, 'I'm
sorry, Falcon, but we cannot have a Section Chief setting such a
bad example; it is a position of great responsibility.' And then he
carries on in a solemn and official tone of voice. 'However, it is
recognised that said Agent Falcon's service record is to remain
Exemplary and that this demotion will not be noted on the said
Service Record.' Jobanque sits down, a pained expression on his
face. The other TIME Lords stare straight ahead, expressionlessly.
Jobanque gives you a compassionate look and says quietly/That
will be all. Falcon.'
As you leave the Hall of Honours, utterly shocked, you pass
Bloodhound on his way in. 'I'm sorry, old friend, really I am, but
my hands are tied.'
As you move on you can hear Jobanque's voice from inside the
Hall of Honours. 'Agent Bloodhound, you are henceforth
promoted to Section Chief of the Special Agent Section...' Well
at least that leaves you free to operate in the field without any
worries once more, you think to yourself.

