Also by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson in Sphere Books:
FALCON 1: THE RENEGADE LORD FALCON 3. THE RACK OF BAAL FALCON4:LOSTINTIME
Falcon 2: Mechanon
MARK SMITH AND JAMIE THOMSON
 SPHERE BOOKS LIMITED London and Sydney

First published in Great Britain by
Sphere Books Ltd 1985
30-32 Gray's Inn Road, London WC1X 8JL Copyright © 1985 by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson Illustrations by Geoff Senior and Nic Weeks
EARTH 3033 AD
A third of the land's surface is populated with cities which stretch miles up towards the Ionosphere and are also tunnelled deep into the Earth's crust.
The world is united - war within the atmosphere of a single planet can only lead to total destruction. Government is carried out by Executives, each having full powers within a certain area. The Food, Health, Pleasure and Enforcement Executives are centred in Alpolis, a city covering what was once an independent country - Switzerland - and it is here that the most recent Executive, TIME, exists.
People live for fun, not to work. Most tasks are performed by robots so life is quite easy. Only 10% of the population still works, and then only for fun or out of a sense of social duty. Food is plentiful, the main source being a fungus grown in huge vats under artificial light. Luxury foods, such as meat, are a rarity. Communications have improved so as to transform society: holophones connect all homes across the Space Federation so it is possible to be in direct contact with many alien species light years across space. Travel on Earth is done by hovrail, jetcopter or stratocruiser, so that the longest journey need take no more than an hour.
The average Earther lives for two hundred and fifty years and the ageing process only begins during the last fifty years of life. Life-prolonging drugs, called Anagathics, are freely available, and transplant surgery is now a simple operation. Un- fortunately, because people live longer, there are many problems. There is overcrowding and very little to do which has resulted in a rapid increase in violent crime. With so many people needing new hearts, lungs and other organs there is a shortage of spare parts for use in transplant surgery and the Enforcement Executive has passed a Termination Code. All violent crimes are punishable by painless death. The Enforce- ment Executive has had sensors set up to catch criminals, especially Bodybrokers who deal illegally in organs for surgery.
 This book is sold subject to the condition that
it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without the publisher's prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser
Set in Andover
Printed and bound in Great Britain by Collins, Glasgow

 If Energy Weapons are used by criminals, for instance, a police jetcopter will be there in seconds.
Earth, using Hyperdrive, faster-than-light travel, has estab- lished itself as head of the Space Federation, which includes all the earth colonies and alien planets. The Navy patrols the colonies: Lastlanding, Proxima Centauri, Ascension and so on, as well as the alien worlds: Kelados, Sundew, Dyskra, Clyss, Rigel Prime, the Hive and others. Contact with alien life forms is commonplace and the colony ships of the twenty-fourth century are still approaching the centre of the galaxy.
How to Travel in Time
Travel through time involves crossing a fourth dimension, 'Null-space' or the 'Void' as it is known. This dimension joins all points in time and Space from the beginning of the universe to its end. Imagine time as a cable. Earth's Timeline (or past, present and future) is a single strand of this cable stretching from Earth's beginning to the end of time. The Timelines of other planets run alongside this and weave around each other, because events on one planet affect things on another. These strands, or Timelines, are insulated from the fourth dimension in the same way that an electrical wire is insulated. At certain points there are holes in the insulation allowing travel from one point on the wire through this hole to a different point on this or another wire. In this way a Time Machine may move from one 'Timehole' to another and from one point in space to another via Null-space.
The Timeholes are formed when the fabric of time is damaged by unknown forces. They can be larger, but are usually less than five miles across. Timeholes come and go as new damage occurs and older Timeholes close up naturally. The Monitoring Section is responsible for keeping the map of current Timeholes. Your up-to-date map is opposite. At least one hole has been there for a long time - the Eiger Vault, near the TIME Building in the Alps. It is thought to be a permanent Timehole and your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is kept there along with those of the Lords of TIME and other Agents. Some Timeholes are safer than others and it is possible to go back in time only to find that the hole through which you travelled has closed up, trapping the

unfortunate traveller in the past. Time passes at the same rate in all Timeholes as on Earth. If you begin a journey to a Timehole ten minutes after somebody else does you will arrive ten minutes later than them. Only those with Psychic Awareness can navigate across Null-space.
Game Rules
ATTACK
In certain paragraphs you will have the chance to attack an enemy. When you choose to do so, you will be asked to make an Attack Roll. To do this, roll two dice and add the numbers together. You will be told which paragraph to turn to next, depending on your score. In all combats you are more likely to succeed if your score is high than if it is low.
ATTACK MODIFIER
Whenever you make an Attack Roll you must add or subtract your Attack Modifier to the dice score. Your Attack Modifier may change as the adventure unfolds and you should keep a note of this on your Agent Profile (at the beginning of the adventure). To begin with your Attack Modifier is zero.
EVASION
In certain cases you may need to avoid the attack of an enemy or
escape from a difficult situation. You will be asked to make an
Evasion Roll, to which you must add or subtract your Evasion
Modifier. This works in the same way as the Attack Roll and
Attack Modifier as described above. Your initial Evasion Modifier is also zero.
CHANCE
There are moments in any agent's career when pure luck will
play its part. On such occasions you will be asked to make a
Chance Roll. Roll one die. You will then be instructed to turn to a new paragraph.
POWERS OF THE MIND
Some paragraphs will offer you the chance to make a mental attack, either a Thinkstrike or Power of Will. Make an Attack Roll, just as if you were attacking normally, but add or subtract your Thinkstrike or Power of Will Modifier, not your Attack
Modifier. In all other ways mental attacks work in the same way as a physical attack. To begin with your Thinkstrike and Power of Will Modifiers are zero, as noted on your Agent Profile.
PSYCHIC AWARENESS
Your Psychic Awareness operates at all times and you will be told when you have discovered anything of interest.
ENDURANCE
You, Falcon, start the adventure with 20 points of Endurance. If you are wounded in combat, suffer something unpleasant such as an acid atmosphere without a space suit, or become exhausted, you will lose Endurance points. A running total of your Endurance should be kept on your Agent Profile. If at any time you fall to zero Endurance or less you are dead and your adventure is over. Endurance points can be regained by visiting the Autodoc in your Time Machine (see equipment list) and you will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
SCORING
You will notice as you use this book that certain paragraph numbers are followed by a letter in brackets. If you wish to score your performance as Special Agent Falcon, you will need to make a list of the letters following these numbers on the box provided on your Agent Profile every time you come to one of these paragraphs. If you should be killed or fail in your adventure, you should delete your current recorded letters except for all the Qs which must be kept and begin again. Each letter corresponds to a score, and you will be given a rating, depending on what the total of your score is. The letter scores may be found at the back of the third book of this series, The Rack of Baal. This is necessary, since printing the scores in this book would allow you to find out what the right decisions to take in this adventure are! The scores for Falcon 1: The Renegade Lord, may be found at the back of this book.
Special Rules
The action in Falcon 2: Mechanon, carries straight on from Falcon 1: The Renegade Lord. If you have played Falcon I, transfer the modifier scores from your Agent Profile in that book, to the Agent Profile in the beginning of this one. It is not essential to

STRIKE FIGHTER STRIKE FIGHTER
  
play Falcon 1 first, but information you may gain while playing it may help you to complete this mission successfully. If you have not played falcon 1 then all of your modifiers begin at zero.
Strike Fighter and Starship Trooper Battlesuit
During falcon Book 2, you may be issued with a Weeks/Senior Corporation Space Navy Strike Fighter and a standard issue battlesuit. These have 10 Defence points each. When you take damage in the Strike Fighter or battlesuit, you will be told to lose a certain number of points. Simply cross off the relevant amount in the box provided on your Agent Profile. The Strike Fighter also begins with four fission warhead guided missiles of enormous power. Each time you use one cross it off the relevant part of your Agent Profile.
Equipment
Standard Issue For TIME Special Agents
ITEM 1: MODEL A3 TIME MACHINE [see accompanying
specifications]
Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is silver with bright scarlet markings and is the eleventh machine capable of travel through time ever built. Its cost cannot be computed, since it involves the use of certain materials and scientific skills which are priceless. The silver and scarlet hull will withstand enormous pressure, heat and exposure to harmful gases and liquids, as well as providing protection from radiation.
The six hydraulic legs which support the machine are extended when it materialises in a new Timehole, to provide stability on uneven ground. The Main Access is operated by invisible Tractor Beams (energy beams that can be used to grip and lift) that will draw the Time Traveller up into the cabin, to rest on the Access Disc. This disc is matter but is changed to air as you move through it by the Molecular Converter (see Item 4). The pressurised cabin is lined with instruments and gadgets. The crash couch is moulded to fit your shape and can be moved up to the command console or up into the Flyer (see Item 6).
The air inside the machine is kept pure by the life support unit and can be flushed out and replaced within ten seconds. The Main Access will work only when its Memory Scanner
recognises your own brain patterns. Specially sensitive cameras and power floodlights are mounted on top of the Machine. The Viriac Drive, which forces the Machine into Null-space, is housed beneath the deck and is controlled through your computer (CAIN, see Item 7).
ITEM 2: HOLOGRAM GENERATOR
Each Time Machine is equipped with a Hologram Generator - very important if the First Law of TIME is to be obeyed. The
Generator changes the appearance of the Machine by casting a hologram around it, so the computer can make the Machine look like a small wood, hayrick or grassy hill etc, which is very lifelike unless you are within two metres of the Machine itself. This stops people in history being curious at the sight of a highly technological machine.
ITEM 3: HOLO-DETECTOR
Due to the existence of Hologram Generators you may find it difficult to see other Time Machines. As a member of the Time Police you have been given a Hologram-detector which is portable and operates to a range of fifty metres. This will reveal the presence of a hologram and therefore another Time Machine.
ITEM 4: MOLECULAR CONVERTOR
Each Time Machine is equipped with a Molecular Converter, a device which uses the rarest of all elements, Polybdenum, as its fuel. Small articles, placed in the Converter, are transformed into whatever the computer decides. In this way, Time Travellers have disguises which allow them to pass undetected amongst the intelligent beings of other times. CAIN, your computer, carries information about the Timeholes shown on your map, so that the blueprints required by the Converter to make the disguises accurate are usually available. Your Psionic
Helmet, for instance, can be turned into a legionary's helmet, while keeping its modern powers.
ITEM 5: AUTODOC
This is a couch-like device which has needles, a drip, a blood supply and surgical robo-arms. You may lie in the Autodoc during the time taken to travel from one Timehole to another,

TIME MACHINE TIME MACHINE
  
STARSHIP TROOPER BATTLESUIT
for instance, and come out healed, restoring your Endurance by up to twelve points. You will be told when you can use your
Autodoc.
ITEM 6: FLYER [see accompanying specification]
Your crash-couch swivels up onto the platform of your flyer when you wish to use it. The flyer is a small hover raft which is catapultedout of the Time Machine through the Launch Doors, two sections on top of the hull that slide apart. Once safely away from the Machine the Ion Drive can be cut in, giving the flyer a top speed many times the speed of sound (Mach 6). It can hover which allows you to use it as an observation platform, but it is too small to carry a Hologram Generator and should only be
used when strictly necessary. Fortunately, its Ion Drive is almost soundless. You are also issued with a Homing Beacon, which, when activated, will make the flyer move to its location as quickly as possible. The flyer is then piloted by its micro computer. The Beacon is magnetic, and about the size of a die.
ITEM 7: CAIN [Cybernetic Artificial Intelligence Nexus] CAIN is one of the most advanced computers known to man. Its data banks offer information on all subjects and historical data on all Federation and alien planets. Its memory banks are continuously updated with information concerning the Time- holes and it is able to link with the massive memory banks of the TIME Service Computer at the Eiger Vault. A Holophone,
through which you can contact any other Holophone in the Federation, is built into CAIN and you also have access to most of the files kept by TIME. CAIN answers your spoken commands and runs the Time Machine for you. It can give information visually, via the terminal screen, or verbally, using its melodic chimes.
ITEM 8: BLASTER [see accompanying specifications]
This is your Standard Starship Trooper issue Plasma Pistol. It fires superheated plasma to a range of 100 metres, and the Energy Pack is sufficient for ten minutes continuous use. You have more Energy Packs in your weapons locker. Your blaster is labelled. Tor use in exceptional circumstances only'.
 
FL YER
BLASTER
  
PSIONIC ENHANCER
ENVIRONMENT SUIT
  
ITEM 9: PSIONIC ENHANCER [see accompanying specification] This helmet helps your Powers of the Mind by damping all other thoughts. It senses when you want to use your power and activates automatically.
ITEM 10: ENVIRONMENT SUIT
A light, pressurised suit for use in vacuum, inhospitable atmospheres and extreme ranges of temperature and which monitors your life signals such as pulse and temperature. It is compatible with your Psionic Enhancer.
Personal Background
Special Agent (TIME)
Codename: Falcon
For three years you have studied at the Academy as a cadet attached to TIME: the Temporal, Investigative and Monitoring Executive, and you have passed the difficult training programme with flying colours. You have been selected from the Academy to be a Special Agent because of your unusual talents having been born with Powers of the Mind: you can sense things that others can't and even influence their actions through thought alone. These powers have been strengthened and focussed during your training and you have been issued with a Psionic Enhancer, a helmet which increases these mental powers. You have been taught to attack the minds of others with a blast of mental energy you call Thinkstrike. Your Power of Will allows you to control the minds of those weaker than you, and your Psychic Awareness allows you to sense things that others cannot, including the presence of another with such mental powers. This Psychic Awareness also lets you navigate your Time Machine through time and space. Few have such powers and even fewer are trusted with one of the small number of Time Machines in existence.
You are expert in survival techniques including armed and unarmed combat. History and detective powers of deduction have also been major subjects of study. You are now an Agent in the Time Police, whose job is to guard the Timelines of the past and to ensure that no-one tampers with past events in any way that would change things as they are now.
TIME, the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive, was set up in Alpolis forty years ago shortly after Time Travel was discovered. The realisation that anyone with access to Time travel could change the past so that the entire human race might cease to exist was worrying, so Time Machines were built for the Time Police in their crystal domed TIME headquarters, in order to stop this. TIME is headed by five Lords, representing the most powerful groups in the Space Federation. Each of these have Powers of the Mind, and their own Time Machine.
the Executive is divided into four sections: Administrative, Research, Monitoring and the Special Agent Section (or SAS). the Monitoring Section, headed by Section Chief Jobanque, is responsible for noting any disturbances in the past, or timelines, of the planets in the Federation. The Research Section, headed by Section Chief Skirrow, is responsible for all equipment used by Special Agents and is also examining the possibilities of travel into the future, as yet impossible. Your own Special Agent Section is headed by Section Chief Agidy
Yelov, a Siriun humanoid from the Federation member planet, - Sirius Secundus. Agidy Yelov and others have told you the importanceof the First Law of TIME when on active service: 'A
TIME Agent must, in all cases, act naturally according to the time in which he is currently operating, thus minimising any disruption of the Timelines his or her presence might be causing'. As Yelov once said to you: There's no point in coming back to 3033 if you have left an atomic hand gun near Hitler's bunker, because this would change the present - in fact, you'd probably find you had never existed!'. As with all Special Agents, your bloodline has been traced back, in your case to the French Revolution in 1789AD. Should any one of your ancestors fail to produce the next in line it would be as if you had never existed.

Hints on Play
The rules are very simple - you could almost play this book without reading them at all. But reading the Personal Background and, of course, the Mission Brief will help you to understand what is happening as you begin the adventure. If you come across something you don't understand, don't worry, check the Equipment List and this may give you a clue. If not, carry on anyway, it will probably come clear later.

Good luck, and remember, the fate of the Space Federation rests in your hands.

Universal Journal
[A Subsidiary of Intelfax Corp] 3rd Solstice Edition, 3033 AD Section: History
Subject: THE RENEGADE LORD
SPECIAL AGENT FALCON SAVES THE FEDERA TION
Twelve days ago, Agidy Yelov, once head of the Special Agent Section of the TIME Executive was made the subject of a Termination Order by the Enforcers.
His crime - aiding the Hiver beings in a bid to seize control of Earth and the Space Federation.
Special Agent Falcon, formerly under the command of Yelov, was responsible for foiling a complex plot to change the course of history using Time Travel. The Keladi Lord of TIME was assassinated and the Hiver Lord of TIME attempted to slow the development of civilisation on Earth by allowing the Mongol horde to overrun Europe in the 13th century. When Falcon thwarted this, he moved through time to change history in Napoleonic times at the battle of Borodino.
Falcon preserved history unchanged, even though Yelov had ordered two other agents of TIME, Bloodhound and Lynx, to kill their colleague.
This courageous and resourceful agent at last cornered the Renegade Lord on planet Hel where a meeting with Yelov had been planned. Falcon destroyed the Hiver Lord and brought Yelov to justice.
Agidy Yelov, a Siriun, has pleaded 'Uncontrolled Actions' saying that the Hiver Lord of TIME had used its Powers of the Mind to force him to do its bidding. Yelov is under stay of execution until further information is received from the Hive, homeworld of the dead Renegade Lord.
There remain only three Lords of TIME, heading the TIME Executive and of these, the Earther, Lord Speke, has been disgraced. Pilota, the Lastlander solar racer, and Lord Silver- mane of Rigel Prime are presently in command. New appointments are expected soon. Jobanque of the Monitoring Section has replaced Yelov as head of the Special Agent Section. Special Agent Falcon has been awarded the Golden Wings, the highest honour the Space Federation can give. We all owe our lives to Falcon.
Complete Datadump in our next update.

# Mission Brief
As you walk into the recreation centre, under its glasteel dome at the top of the TIME Building, you hear the deep booming voice of Special Agent Bloodhound. You nod to some operatives from the monitoring section and, passing the empty dream booths, head towards the voice.
Unusually, all except one of the SAT team, the Special Agents of TIME, are off duty together. A celebration day has been given in honour of the success of your mission against the renegade Lord. The agents are involved in a historical simulation of diplomatic intrigue; occasionally one or other of them types on the micro-terminal you all carry in place of a watch, and they examine a hovering globe screen to see the results of each move. Bloodhound looks up and says, 'Here's glory hunter, on-line Falcon! Won any more medals since yesterday?'
Lynx smiles sardonically, 'Don't let the fact that Falcon won the Golden Wings straight out of the Academy ruffle your calm, Blood.'
'Oh well, at least I wasn't Yelov's golden girl,' he replies. Agidy Yelov trained Lynx himself and she is more deadly at unarmed combat than any of you, but she laughs at Bloodhound's jibe.

Agent Sparrowhawk says quietly, 'No-one has proven that Agidy was a traitor yet.' Like Yelov, she is a Siriun, and an electronics genius. Her feline features quiver momentarily as she turns on her heel and glides, cat-like, towards a dream booth.
'It's bad for morale, losing a boss like this,' says Lynx.
Sparrowhawk looks back and says, 'Don't you think it is worse for Agidy? They had to rebuild half of him, he's as much a droid as a man.'
The other agent at the table, Leopard, who himself is no more than a living brain in a robot body butts in, The advantage is all his, Sparrow,' but she is gone, locked in a dream booth.
You are about to greet your fellow agents at last when the globe screen flashes and your new section leader, Jobanque, seems to become flesh and blood before you. 'On-line, SAT Squad. Falcon, I need to see you right away. The rest I'll see straight afterwards. Where is Sparrowhawk?' You leave Lynx to explain as you run towards the pedway which will take you to your new leader.
The door to Jobanque's office slides open at your touch - the building's service computer recognises your handprint. Jobanque is standing before the holo-projector. He smiles and says, 'Well, I would apologise for asking you here on a Federation holiday but, in a way, it's your fault. I need you. I have a mission for you, Falcon. It may be every bit as perilous as your last.' You nod, then stare as a hologram of Yelov fills the room. The left side of his face is hidden by a silver mask and his left arm is that of a robot. Jobanque says gravely, 'When your blaster seared him he was damaged so badly that the medtechs had to use bionic parts to replace those you had destroyed. He is now half man, half robot. Now this thing (he is quite mad) has escaped from the Vault. Obviously, there can be no question that Yelov's claim that he was controlled by the Hivers is a lie.'
Jobanque's dark unmoving face stares at you. Until recently he had been Yelov's colleague, now you could almost believe he had hated him. 'There was a fault in the Psionic Damper which was grafted into his circuitry. He still has his formidable Powers of the Mind and he has used them to steal his old Time Machine. He has sworn vengeance on all Earthers, and on you, Falcon, in particular. There is no telling what damage he will do, his lust for absolute power is as great as ever. Agent Chameleon, returning from a routine patrol with a readout from the Timehole Monitoring Beacons on the current Timeholes, has reported a disturbance in the timeline of Mechanon, an enormous factory planet run entirely by droids, programmed only to mine metals, build copies of themselves and construct the most deadly arsenal of interstellar weaponry the universe had ever seen, until a terrible nuclear catastrophe reduced the planet to a tangled ruin of rock and metal. If Yelov is responsible and if he should find a way of reversing this accident, the entire galaxy would be held to ransom. You are our best agent Falcon, you must stop him before it is too late.'
You leave Jobanque's office at a run, bound for your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, at the Eiger Vault. The other agents step aside to let you pass. Sparrowhawk is not with them. Turn to 1.

AGENT PROFILE:
 
STRIKE FIGHTER & BATTLESUIT DEFENCE POINTS
 
THE MISSION
1
[score a Q]
The hovrail car which will take you to the Eiger Vault glides soundlessly to a halt. As you secure the bubble hatch and type in your destination you are already considering the possibilities. The steady acceleration of the car lasts for half of the journey and as you begin to slow it dawns on you that this will be a difficult mission. Yelov Was a test pilot in the pioneering days of Time Travel; not only is he more experienced than anyone else, he also possesses the cat-like reflexes of the Siriuns. His skill in the Sim-Combat booths is legendary. Behind you the lights of Alpolis stretch for further than the eye can see even though the monorail arcs a thousand feet above the ground.
Less than an hour after leaving Jobanque's office you stand before the huge plasteel hangar doors of the Eiger Vault, set deep in the side of Mount Eiger. Your ID chip is checked and you are mind scanned before access to the vault is allowed by the service computer. As you pass the security droids, you reflect upon the folly of holding Yelov within this tight security net, instead of outside it. He is a million times more dangerous with a Time Machine at his disposal than if he were at large on Earth, 3033 AD. You cross the cavern which houses the Time Machines and the Research Section of TIME. The area in which the machines are kept is partitioned at intervals and you head straight for your own bay. In the centre of the bay, which is lined on three sides with racks carrying maintenance equipment, spare parts, the Variac Drive Recharger and sundry other useful items, lies Falcon's Wing, your Time Machine. You approach the access hatch and the Mind Scanner lights up red, then green. You are drawn up into the Time Machine by invisible Tractor Beams, activated by CAIN. Soon you are standing on the glowing Access Disc and CAIN chimes 'Welcome, Falcon.' Turn to 210.

2
As you open your mind to the alien you find yourself having to make a great effort to remain sane and regain your human sense of perspective. The Thrix live for millenia on a cold and lifeless world, barren of architecture - they have no need of building, and of almost everything else that you associate with civil- isation. You realise that something terrible is happening on this long-peaceful planet and that it wants you to accompany is towards a mining complex which is as alien to the Thrix as it is to you. The Thrix's name translates as Carborundum. Suddenly it lurches and begins to roll across the rocky ground. You decide to follow warily. Turn to 53.

3
Your aim, though hasty, is true and a sizzling beam of white-hot plasma erupts against the Black Knight. The black armour is ripped open, revealing mechanical gears and electronic circuitry beneath and the droid collapses before exploding loudly. Sir Thomas Chandos and the other knights turn towards you and then begin to run, terrified of your 'sorcery'. With a loud, if muffled, cheer the French knights press onward, scenting victory - your actions have changed the course of the battle and the English are losing. You quickly vapourise the remains of the droid as the tide of battle washes over you, defending yourself from the lances of the French with your shield. Will you:
Hasten back to Falcon's Wing? Turn to 216 Use your powers of Thinkstrike against
 the French knights?
Turn to 182

4
Your training has paid off. Faster even than the electronic circuitry of the wardroid, the lancing bolt of white hot energy hits its power plant and your helmet faceplate flash defence cuts in, darkening automatically as the bright explosion lights the yellow atmosphere, hurling debris everywhere. You have destroyed the wardroid that guards the loading bay but other robots may be on their way to intercept you. A rack of Polybdenum rods stands in the bay at the back of the cavernous armadillo-like mining droid. You seize your chance to destroy it. Turn to 141.

5
The edge of the refinery roof curves steeply down to the ground below, like the side of a bowl. You jump over the edge and slide down, skidding across the polished metal of another droid highway at the bottom. You run on across the featureless steel until part of the road seems to take off ahead of you. It is a flat-topped fortress droid which suddenly towers above you. Each of its sides boasts a formidable array of lasers and energy weapons, and hornlike sensors. Will you:

Open fire immediately?
Drop to the floor and turn the temperature control on your suit to freezing?
Turn to 35
Turn to 27

6
Your camera scans the gently rolling countryside of mediaeval northern France. Falcon's Wing stands on a hill overlooking a gentle slope on which stands the English army. Descending the hills opposite is the French army which seems about five times as large. It is mid afternoon, but the vanguard of the French army are advancing to the attack, led by six thousand or so mercenary troops, crossbowmen from Genoa, followed by double that number of mounted knights in full plate armour, the flower of chivalry, their shields and banners a glorious riot of colour. Behind these, and still trooping to the battlefield, are countless peasant infantry, some armed with pikes, but many making do with scythes roped to poles. The English army numbers a little over ten thousand men, composed of knights who have dismounted and will fight on foot, brave Welsh spearmen and a large number of longbowmen.
You decide to station yourself amongst the ranks of the English who are divided into three. Nearest to you are the reserves, and CAIN identifies the golden lions and fleur de lis of their leader, King Edward. Before these is another body of knights led by the King's young son, the Black Prince, who is surrounded by veteran knights, one of whom, Sir Thomas Chandos, bears a silver falcon on his red shield. A way to the left lies the third body of knights, lead by William de Bohun, Earl of Northampton, whose blue shield carries three red stars and six golden lions. The men of Northampton and the Black Prince are linked by a line of archers. Where will you position yourself?

Near the King?
Near the Black Prince?
Near the Earl of Northampton?
Near Sir Thomas Chandos?
Turn to 350
Turn to 335
Turn to 364
Turn to 379

7
The raildroid accelerates towards you and then swivels its weaponry in your direction. You open fire, but the bolt of superheated plasma is deflected in a flare of light by its shield. A grim ray streaks towards you. You hurl yourself aside. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 41
If you score 2-6, turn to 30

8
You set off towards them, but a phalanx of hovering wardroids pours out of the tunnel where you passed the raildroid. You destroy one but the barrage of their fire turns the communi- idtions area to molten slag and you do not survive it.

9
Since you have just spent an hour of your life in null-space you may restore up to twelve points of lost Endurance through the use of your Autodoc. As soon as you rematerialise in the Eiger Vault, CAIN memory banks are updated with any details of time-trips which may have been detected by the time beacons placed in each timehole.Someone has made another trip to the planet Thrix. Will you:

Go there to investigate this?
Travel to the robot planet Mechanon?
Await developments in the Eiger Vault here on Earth in 3033 AD?
Turn to 320
Turn to 47
Turn to 142

10
You open the doors and try to throw the android outside but it is enormously heavy and powerful. It picks you up in One hand and throws you against the wall with the force of a linear accelerator. You lose 9 Endurance points. A man suffering from an illness which affects his coordination staggers out of the urinal and advises you to wait and make your call later before tripping up over the back step of the recreation centre. The android continues to use the telephone but leans out and points a stunner at you. Make an Evasion Roll!

If you score 6-12, turn to 92
If you score 2-5, turn to 101


11
Three orange flares flicker on your screen, then die away to nothing. You have caused the missiles to pre-detonate before they reach you and you dive down into the thin atmosphere of Mechanon, using reverse thrust to slow the Strike Fighter down. Turn to 34.

12
Your sword blade whistles through air as the Black Knight reacts to your attack with superhuman speed. The visor on his great black helm clicks open. A beam of red light lances towards you and you try desperately to throw yourself aside. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 74
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

13
You rip your blaster from its holster and fire in a blur of fluid movement. The sizzling streak of white hot plasma turns the gas through which it lances red, as it plays across the face of the intelligent boulder. The Thrix is undamaged after a continuous ten-second burst when a large rock near your foot flies up towards your head. You try to jump aside, sluggish in the high gravity. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 62
If you score 2-6, turn to 43

14
You were not fast enough and the energy pulse picks you up a nd hurls you bodily against a rock outcropping. The plasnet of your suit repairs itself automatically, but the blast and the acid gas of Thrix's atmosphere which seeped into your suit have reducedyour Endurance by 10 points. If you are still alive, the contaminated wounds will heal poorly - subtract 1 from your maximum Endurance forever. You have a split second in which to fire before the wardroid unleashes another blast of energy. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 38
If you score 2-6, turn to 23

15
The Main Access portal is an oval opening, a hundred metres across and fifty tall. It seems to be composed of ten overlapping sections of metal which can slide open one at a time or all together. As you hurtle towards it a swarm of Atmospheric Interceptorsappear from the hangar opening. Their pulse lasers will soon be wreaking havoc on your ship's defences. Quickly you beam the Main Access Code at the Communication Tower above the portal and it slides open. You move from the gloomy brooding red of Mechanon's thin atmosphere to the ghostly green luminescence which lights an enormous tunnel that stretches ahead for miles. Ten Atmospheric Interceptors follow you down the tunnel, their pulse lasers winking on and off as they pour their deathly fire at your ship's defences. Turn to 109.

16
You fire your twin fusion cannons and two beams of energy leap from your wingtips, vapourising the incoming missile and flashingon to destroy the missile base, which simply ceases to exist. You bank further to the left and hurtle onward up the large tunnel. Turn to 28.

17
You make it to the doorway, but you haven't the electronic code to gain entry. The droid criss-crosses the highway with laser beamsand you cannot dodge them all. You are chopped into several pieces and your mission ends here.

18
The French knight topples forward, his lance ploughing a great furrow as he crashes to the ground like a sack of.coal. He lies still at your feet and his horse bucks and rears in panic before bolting. Will you:

Finish him with your sword?
Spare him?
Turn to 117
Turn to 39

19
You move deeper into the complex to radio your direction to Bloodhound and Lynx before switching on the homing signal in your environment suit. As you move along yet another vast tunnel the ceiling opens up and a hover platform descends towards you. You flatten yourself against the wall, but it carries only worker droids. As you watch they open a hatch in the tunnel wall and load a fifty-metre long starship Ion Drive onto the platform. The platform rises again and the ceiling is sealed once more. Lynx radios you to hold your position if at all possible. Three hovering wardroids and a raildroid appear at the far end of this tunnel and you are about to report that you must retreat when the ceiling opens once more. Bloodhound lowers a rope to you and they pull you up just as the green rays of a particle disrupter sheer into the luminous wall behind you. The raildroid aims again as you reach for the gap in the ceiling. Make an Evasion Roll as you try to scramble through to the planet surface.

If you score 5-12, turn to 32
If you score 2-4, turn to 42

20
The raildroid passes overhead with a whoosh of displaced air.
You continue to the end of the tunnel, where it and the rail on which the droid appeared turn sharp left. Will you:

Wait to check that the raildroid is not coming back?
Duck quickly out of sight round the bend in the tunnel?
Turn to 60
Turn to 72

21
They follow you to your Strike Fighter and it quickly becomes obvious that they believe your story. The hums of amazement grow and they are taking in every detail. After a time one of them, a physicist, says that he believes he could duplicate the Variac Drive. You push them away from it but it is too late. They wander off, ignoring you, but the Disputer says, 'Have no fear, we are not an aggressive race. With this Drive we can make sure than no disasters ever occur.' There is nothing that you can do now which will stop the Danikoi using Time Travel to mould history to their own decadent whims. Suddenly, everything goes dark. The Danikoi have changed history and it is as if you and the Space Federation had never existed.

22
Your lasers have sheared the drive away from one of the missiles and it spins harmlessly past you, in two pieces, but the other strikes home and explodes. The ship rocks and the gyros whir as it rights itself. Your hull armour or shields have saved, you from certain destruction but your ship has taken damage. subtract 1 from your Zeiss Shield energy if you are equipped with energy shields, or 2 Hull Armour points if your ship carries Titanium hull armour. Turn to 34.

23
The wardroid rises dramatically on its hover thrusters just as you fire. Your plasma blast ionises the gas in a long stream turning it from yellow to red, but it has passed beneath the wardroidwhich sweeps the area with a laser cannon. You are caught in the beam and sliced neatly into two at the waist. The shock kills you.

24
Your sword blade jars the Black Knight with a clang, and smoke and sparks fly up from its elbow joint. It staggers as if its circuits were overloading. It is certainly no man, but a droid, a mechanical man. It swivels its head towards you and the visor of Its great black helmet clicks open. You are ready when a beam of red light lances towards you from the droid's helmet and you dodge it and try to bury the tip of your sword into the gap left by the open visor. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 36
If you score 2-5, turn to 49

25
You concentrate your mind and try to dominate the will of this sentient rock, but its mind is so alien you don't know where to begin. The Thrix is entirely unaffected but it seems to think that you have made a gesture of friendship and it opens its mind to you. Its name translates, in a shortened form, to Carborundum. It clicks at you and your translator tells you that it is beckoning you. Suddenly it lurches and begins to roll across the rocky ground. You decide to follow warily. Turn to 53.

26
[score an H]
As you step out of the recreation centre your Remote Access T erminal bleeps and CAIN sends you a message. The android is hooking into the telephone network and changing the informationreaching the Communist bloc defence computer which controls nearly half of the world's nuclear missiles at this time. You scale a wall and enter a courtyard in which there is a red and glass booth. The android is inside and you recognise an ancient 'tele'phone in its hand. He has fitted an unusual device to the transmitter. Will you:
Climbback over the wall and cut the cable which leads to the telephone booth?
Walk to the booth and yank the android out of it?
Use your blaster on the android?

27
Turn to 188 Turn to 10
Turn to 92
You drop to the steel floor and turn your suit temperature to freezing. The huge droid moves towards you and then stops. You can see its banks of infra-red sensors questing all around, but two of the horn-like devices turn slowly towards you. It must be homing in on your heartbeat. There is a closed doorway into a small domed building not far to your right. Will you:
Try for the doorway? Turn to 17 Try to blast the horns from the droid? Turn to 46

28
You hurtle through the air down the corridor. Below, you can see a large droid with a shield travelling on a rail running the length of the corridor. Within seconds you flash past it but moments later your microbeam radar picks up a high-energy leading ahead. A large mobile fortress lies in the corridor, an armoured disc bristling with weapon pods and sensor banks. It has two plasma cannon trained on you, several missile bases are tracking you and two energy beam gun turrets are swivelling around. The massive tunnel continues beyond it and another forks off the side. You have a few seconds in which to act. Will you:

Lock on the Battle computer and launch a fission warhead missile, if you have one left?
Use your fusion beam on the fortress?
Pull back on the joystick to gain height and try to weave through its imminent attacks?
Turn to 115
Turn to 126
Turn to 104

29
The French knight is consumed with battle-lust and the force of your mental attack is not enough to stun him. He charges home and you have only a moment to catch the lance tip on your shield. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 63
If you score 2-7, turn to 114

30
The green ray expands as it stabs towards you and you are caught. The particles of your body coat the walls of the tunnel for fifty metres around in a thin film. You have fallen victim to a high intensity particle disruptor.

31
Your missile breaches a hole in the Main Access portal just large enough for you to fly through. You move from the gloomy, brooding red of Mechanon's thin atmosphere to the ghostly, green luminescent lights of an enormous tunnel which stretches ahead for miles. The Access portal opens suddenly and ten Atmospheric Interceptors follow you down the tunnel, their pulse lasers winking on and off as they pour their deadly fire into your ship's defences. You switch between fore and aft scanner but you have to leave your Battle, computer to target your aft lasers while you synchronise your evasion movements with its prediction of your movements. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 88
If you score 2-5, turn to 70


32
Lynx congratulates you on escaping from the complex. Add 1 to your Evasion Modifier. You thank them for saving you and set out for their Time Machines. Turn to 59.

33
The mind of this rock-being is so alien that you don't know where to begin with your assault on its will. The Thrix is entirely unaffected, but it seems to think that you have made a gesture of friendship and it touches your mind with its own. It clicks at you and your translator goes into operation. The Thrix is saying, 'It is a fact that you are not one of the killer types, but what did you mean by your flash of white fire?' Will you reply:

It was a gesture of greeting and friendship?
I am sorry, it is a weapon and I thought you were trying to kill me?
Turn to 95
Turn to 78

34
As you approach the Central Computer Complex, which glows a ghostly luminescent green, in the midst of the dull red expanse of metal, you enter a freak ion storm. CAIN tells you that the ion storm renders his detection scanners useless. If the same is true for the scanners fitted to the wardroids you may be able to fly right into the complex undetected, but you will have to rely on sight alone to navigate. You slow to Mach 4 and dive down into the storm. Just as you begin to pull out, fearing that you may hit the top of a cooling tower or energy pylon, you burst out of the storm. The polished metal of the launch field glints redly beneath and the warfleet has not yet been launched against Earth. You slow further and line yourself up for the hangar entrance into the glowing green Central Computer Complex. Turn to 257.

35
At this range you cannot miss the threatening mass of machinery. The beam of your blaster ignites particles in the air which pour upwards in a stream of fairy lights but the super- heated plasma has no effect on the heavily armoured droid. It criss-crosses the highway with laser beams and you cannot dodge them all. You are chopped into several pieces and your mission ends here.

36
With uncanny accuracy you thrust the sword through the open visor into the droid's computer brain. It folds up and then locks solid,its circuits dead. Looking around you realise that no-one has noticed that there is anything unusual about the droid knight and you drag it away, thankful that it is made of a light alloy. As soon as you are away from the press of battle you take out your blaster and vapourise it. Turn to 61.

37
The missile is still streaking towards you - you have only moments to use your fusion beams on it. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 16
If you score 2-6, turn to 69

38
Your aim is true and you have destroyed the wardroid's hover pads. It falls to the ground with an impact that shakes the rock like an earthquake and explodes scattering lumps of corroded metal everywhere. You have destroyed the wardroid that guards the loading bay but other robots may be on their way to intercept you. A rack of Polybdenum rods stands in the bay at the back of the cavernous armadillo-like mining droid. You seize your chance to destroy it. Turn to 141.

39
You move back and an English knight looks at you and demands whether you will take the Frenchman prisoner so that you can ransom him. You shake your head saying, 'He's yours,' hoping the muffling effect of your helmet will explain the strange voice of your Universal Translator. The Frenchman's great helm has rolled away and he is recovering consciousness, but you can tell from his expression that he is suffering from concussion and probably will remember nothing. As he is bustled away you look about once more. The valiant French knights are charging time and time again, only to be repulsed by the fire of the English longbowmen. Turn to 162.

40
The beam of your particle disruptor flays Yelov's bionic arm until there is nothing left but smoke. His nerves react as though you had blown off his real arm again and he collapses to the floor. You step towards him to finish it, but the computer opens a hatchway beneath your feet and you fall through it. You blast with your jetpack but the hatchway closes, trapping you at the neck. The floor starts to buckle under the surge of the jets and you pound the floor with your power-suited fists. You tear feverishly at the warping metal as Yelov begins to recover. Make an Evasion Roll as you try to burst free from the trap.

If you score 5-12, turn to 163
If you score 2-4, turn to 318

41
The green ray expands towards you, clipping your shoulder, a small part of which is smeared in a thin film across the wall behind you. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive, will you:

Throw a grenade and then immediately blast at the raildroid?
Run on down the corridor as it speeds past you?
Turn to 84
Turn to 97


42
Part of your left foot and calf are smeared into the distance before you scramble through to the surface and into the arms of Lynx and Bloodhound. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you have not died in their arms you set out for their Time Machines. Turn to 59.

43
You are too slow. The Thrix causes the pebbles beneath your feet to shift and you are powerless to stop the rock as it smashes against your faceplate, cracking it. The yellow gas seeps into your suit and begins to eat away at your skin and lungs. Helpless, you can do nothing as the twenty ton Thrix rolls over you, pressing you flatter than a leaf. You have failed.

44
You are not quick enough. The French knight's mighty blow splits your helm and his sword blade lodges fast in your brain. You have failed.

45
You step through the back door of the ancient recreation centre and into the courtyard. The android is inside a red and glass booth - you recognise an ancient 'tele'phone in his hand and he has fitted an unusual device to the transmitter. Your Remote Access Terminal bleeps and CAIN sends you a message. The android is hooking into the telephone network and changing the information reaching the Communist bloc defence computer which controls nearly half of the world's nuclear missiles at this lime. While you are reading the message on your small wrist display the android has noticed you and recognises you for what you are. It is aiming a stun blaster at you. Duck! Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 77
If you score 2-5, turn to 66

46
You aim your blaster at the horns. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 4-12, turn to 65
If you score 2-3, turn to 57

47
Falcon's Wing rematerialises on Mechanon, which is a gleaming orb of polished metals. Robo-factories stretch as far as the eye can see, covering every inch of the planet's surface, almost without light in the sombre red sky. At three mile intervals around you are what must be planetary defence points: bronze domes bristling with some sort of surface-to-space artillery. Your scanners indicate that nothing lives on this dead world, not even grass, but it is alive with bizarrely-shaped droids which dart and scuttle across its face like insects. You decide to explore on foot and set out towards a building which glows a ghostly green. The bustling machines ignore you until you approach what looks like an enormous spaceship. The spacecraft suddenly disappears and you realise, horror-struck, that the droids of Mechanon have built an enormous Time Machine. You race back to Falcon's Wing but when you re-emerge in the Eiger Vault you are already too late. Wardroids are destroying everything and their Time Machine winks out to load up with reinforcements. The wardroids of Mechanon have invaded Earth in 3033 AD and there is nothing you can do to stop them conquering the world. The beam of a particle disruptor spreads you thinly across the shell of Falcon's Wing. You have failed.

48
Your aim is true and you have destroyed the wardroid's hover pads. It falls to the ground with an impact that shakes the rock like an earthquake and explodes scattering lumps of corroded metal everywhere. The immobile wardroid is preparing to open up at you with its laser cannon - you have an instant in which to dodge the beam and destroy the droid before it cuts you in half Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 110
If you score 2-5, turn to 98

49
Your expertise with the sword is by no means as great as with your blaster and the sword rings harmlessly off the black helmet. The droid's response is far quicker than any man's as it brings the crackling mace down upon you with a crash and a squeal of tearing armour. Lose 12 Endurancepoints. You stagger but steel yourself to go on, just as the visor on the Black Knight's helm clicks open and a beam of red lights lances towards you. Turn to 74.

50
The fortress droid looms before you and your Battle Computer has locked onto it successfully. You press the fire button and a fission warhead missile streaks towards it. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 1-5, turn to 137
If you score 6, turn to 145

51
Sparks fly as the French knight parries the swipe of your sword and then hacks downward at you, before you can recover your balanceand heft your blade, to answer him. He catches you on yourfullfacehelmet,dentingitbadlyandstunningyou,before delivering a thrust to your side. Lose 5 Endurance points. He raises his sword above his head, about to deliver a blow which will surely kill you. Turn to 173.

52
Your blow catches the metallic mask that is one side of Yelov's face and he is thrown backwards, stunned. His plasma pistol whirls through the air and lands some way behind him. You step forward, intent on using the strength of your battered suit to smash his head as Yelov staggers to his feet, when the computer activates a grab used for moving the data banks. You try to dodge its metal claws as it closes in on you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 409
If you score 2-5, turn to 174

53
The black Thrix tumbles onward through the yellow gases of its planet, glistening with condensation and reflective particles of dust. You pass the scattered remains of one of its species and you feel the hurt in the mind of the Thrix whom you are following, whose name translates as Carborundum. The grief of the loss of a two thousand-year friendship almost cripples you, but you steel yourself to hold on to your own identity, almost sobbing as you do so. The dead Thrix has been shorn in half by a terrible weapon. There are cavities within its crystal in which still smaller crystal trees grow. You communicate your surprise to Carborundum and he thinks his reaction to you. It seems that he finds your soft bendiness repulsive. 'You should see me without my suit,' you think. As you plod through the heavy gravity there is a slight movement in the heavy air and the fog lifts slightly to reveal the most enormous mechanical contraption, shaped like a long armadillo. Dust rises from its form and it rumbles slowly across the surface of the planet towards you on caterpillar tracks. Its body is composed of overlapping segments of metal like a woodlouse, which glow dully in the weak rays of the Thrixian sun, which barely penetrates the thick atmosphere. Thrix is cold.
Carborundum leads you down into a natural cavern which opens out below the gaping mouth of the mining droid. Two smaller excavation droids are clearing slag from a great conveyor belt which leads back into the belly of the armadillo- like droid. They do not react to you and you notice that their effectiveness is severely impaired by the corrosive gas of this world. They will soon break down completely. As you move towards the conveyor belt you notice another shattered Thrix nearby. Then a hovering wardroid with twin laser cannon sights you. Carborundum begins a high-pitched whining as you blast the wardroid to smithereens. You jump into the mining droid and Carborundum rolls up behind you. Inside the droid is a huge refining plant and in its belly you come to the central processor which controls it. Will you:

Continue your exploration?
Destroy the mining droid's electronic
brain?
Turn to 107
Turn to 118

54
To your horror you realise that the Main Access is guarded by a reaction damping field. A small hole opens in one of the metal plates but it is too small for you to fly through. You pull up and roar skywards as the Atmospheric Interceptors swarm all around you. You try everything you know to shake them off, downing five of them at the same time, but in the end, weight of numbers tells. Your ship's defences are destroyed and a pulsing laser beam causes your Strike Fighter to explode. You are consumed with it in a ball of orange flame. You have failed.

55
You bank towards the mountainous space bomb and open fire with your fusion beams. They seem to have little or no effect, but a door opens on its back and a swarm of fighters, nimble and fast, pours out. Will you:

Try to get closer and attack the star bomb's drive tubes?
Veer away and ask CAIN whether there are any other possible options?
Turn to 151
Turn to 290

56
Yelov rushes in to strike you again but you drive your powered fist towards his face. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 52
If you score 2-6, turn to 152

57
The excess of adrenaline pumping through your body is causing your arm to shake. You have missed and the droid has relocated you. It criss-crosses the highway with laser beams and you cannot dodge them all. You are chopped into several pieces and your mission ends here.

58
Your camera scans the gently rolling countryside of mediaeval northern France. Falcon's Wing stands on a hill overlooking a gentle slope on which stands the English army. Descending the hills opposite is the French Army, which seems about five times as large. It is mid afternoon, but the vanguard of the French army are advancing to the attack, led by six thousand or so mercenary troops, crossbowmen from Genoa, followed by double that number of mounted knights in full plate armour, the flower of chivalry, their shields and banners a glorious riot of colour. Behind these, and still trooping to the battlefield, are countless peasant infantry, some armed with pikes, but many making do with scythes roped to poles. The English army numbers a little over ten thousand men, composed of knights who have dismounted and will fight on foot, brave Welsh spearmen and a large number of longbowmen.
CAIN tells you that if history is unchanged, the quick fire of the English bowmen will be the weapon that wins total victory. If the French were to win the battle CAIN cannot compute a likely outcome but Edward HI, King of England, might be deposed and the Hundred Y ears W ar might never be. France would probably grow much stronger than England or Spain. You decide to station yourself amongst the ranks of the English who are divided into three. Nearest to you are the reserves, and CAIN identifies the golden lions and fleur de lis of their leader, King Edward. Before these is another body of knights led by the young King's son, the Black Prince, who is surrounded by veteran knights, one of whom, Sir Thomas Chandos, bears a silver falcon on his red shield. A way to the left lies the third body of knights, lead by William de Bohun, Earl of Northampton, whose blue shield carries three red stars and six golden lions. The men of Northampton and the Black Prince are linked by a line of archers. Where will you position yourself?

Near the King?
Near the Black Prince?
Near the Earl of Northampton?
Near Sir Thomas Chandos?
Turn to 350
Turn to 335
Turn to 364
Turn to 379

59
Did you destroy the dish-shaped radar beacon as soon as you left Falcon's Wing?
If you did, turn to 68
If you did not, turn to 80

60
As you wait the raildroid halts abruptly and then accelerates back towards you reaching about 100 mph in three seconds. It opens fire again with its high intensity particle disruptor. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 41
If you score 2-6, turn to 30

61
You regain the safety of Falcon's Wing, suffering no more than the mockery of some camp followers who think that you are fleeing the battle in fear. CAIN tells you that his scanners registered the fact that the Black Knight was a droid from Mechanon, and that it must have been programmed to kill Sir Thomas Chandos who is probably your ancestor. 'Be careful, Falcon, Yelov is trying to kill you.' If you didn't know that electronic brains are not programmed to register emotion CAIN's tone would have you believe he was worried on your behalf. You can see on the console screen that the battle is continuing. The Black Prince is alive, another horse between his knees, and his standard has been raised once more. The camera roomsin on the leader of yet another French charge. CAIN tells you t h a t the man in the visor-less helmet tied to two other knights who are leading his horse into battle is King John the Blind of Bohemia. Once again the French charge is broken by the English archers and is thrown back. You can see the blind king lying dead on the field, still tied to his brave knights. It is already dusk and the English have almost won the day. There is nothing more for you to do here in Mediaeval France. Turn to 194.

62
The pebbles beneath your feet start to shift but you keep your balanceand duck the flying rock just in time before you fall onto your back. The huge boulder-like Thrix rolls towards you as the whole ground beneath you seems to turn to a palpitating mud- bath. In desperation you concentrate your mind and try to dominate the mind of the alien, using your Power of Will. Turn to 33.

63
You catch the knight's lance firmly in the centre of your shield and are jolted backwards. He drops the lance and begins to draw his sword. Will you step away from his plunging horse, turn to 139? or if you would prefer to attack him with your sword, you may make an Attack Roll. In this case:

If you score 7-12, turn to 128
If you score 2-6, turn to 51

64
As you line up on the Planetary Defence Base you try to make lure the Battle computer locks onto its target successfully. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 124
If you score 2-5, turn to 113

65
Your blaster melts the droid's sound sensor and it begins to move erratically, unable to locate you. After a time it simply drifts away. You run on towards the hangar-like opening of the large fluorescent building. As you run, three flying droids Atmospheric Interceptors, with swept-back wings and pulse laser cannons swoop on you, strafing you with pulses of deadly red light. You zig zag towards an abandoned worker droid hoping to shelter beneath it. Make an Evasion Roll as the Interceptors scream overhead.

If you score 5-12, turn to 194
If you score 2-4, turn to 175

66
You are caught by the beam from the android's stunner and stagger, fighting to regain your senses. A man almost trips as he comes out of a hut labelled 'Gentlemen' and stands, swaying, his mouth open in surprise. The droid turns his stunner on him and he crumples to the ground, belching. You may use the moment's respite to climb the courtyard wall and cut the cable which leads to the telephone booth, turn to 188, or if you wish to use your blaster, make an Attack Roll.

If you score 4-12, turn to 92
If you score 2-3, turn to 101

67
You dive for the shelter of the rock outcropping but you have misjudged the strength needed to do so in the high gravity of Thrix. You smash into the ground as the missile reaches you. It carries an armour piercing warhead which drills a river of boiling copper through you as it detonates. You have failed.

68
You tell them that you have useful information to be analysed at the Eiger Vault and agree to leave Mechanon before you are all destroyed. The Time Machines of Bloodhound and Lynx are not far from Falcon's Wing; you make your way back at a run. Your combined firepower is enough to dispose of the two wardroids which cross your path, but Bloodhound is wounded when you are 'buzzed' by three strafing Atmospheric Interceptors. The three Time Machines wink out together and you head straight for your Autodoc for a relaxant and to recuperate. You may restore up to 12 points of lost Endurance points. Turn to 91.

69
Your fusion beam flashes past the missile but lances into the missile base, destroying it totally. Its last missile is almost upon you - your hand whips out to the ECM controls, but it is too late. the missile completely fills the scanner screen as it hits you head on and there is a great blast that rocks the ship, stopping it almost dead in its tracks. Lose 2 points of Shields or 3 points of Armour. If your ship's defences are at zero or below all of the circuits overload, turn to 276. If they are not, you accelerate away. Turn to 20.

70
Thesound of the Strike Fighter's drive is deafening inside the huge tunnel which echoes the whining scream of the Interceptors. The Battle computer has failed to target your aft lasers and your defences are taking a battering. Lose 2 Shields or 3 Armourfrom your shipdefencepoints. If they are at zero or below, turn to 90. Otherwise, turn to 109.

71
If you blasted your way through the communications vault, turn to 207. If you blasted your way through the Main Access portal or used the code to come through it, turn to 231.

72
You duck into the new tunnel and run on. It leads to an electronic communications networking centre. You decide to investigate as two flying droids appear in the tunnel behind you. Turn to 404.

73
Yelov leaps aside and takes cover behind a bank of electronic machinery. You step towards it but the computer opens a hatchway beneath your feet and you fall through it. You blast with your jetpack but the hatchway closes, trapping you at the neck. The floor starts to buckle under the surge of the jets and you pound the floor with your power suited fists, but Yelov has found his plasma pistol and it demolishes your helmet. You are blinded and cannot see Yelov sneer evilly as he disintegrates your head.

74
You hurl yourself to the ground, a lancing fed light narrowly missing your shoulder. As you pick yourself up the Black Knight swivels and raises his mace to strike at Sir Thomas Chandos who himself is engaged in a titanic struggle with the Duke of Alencon and another French knight. The mace crackles ominously with electricity. Will you:

Use your Power of Will to command the Duke of Alencon to attack the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 201
Turn to 319
Turn to 3

75
Your crash couch swivels and slides back into position and the Flyer cockpit seals. You press the launch button and the launch doors fly apart as you are hurtled out of Falcon's Wing. Waiting until you are far enough away from Falcon's Wing to avoid causing exhaust damage, you cut in the Flyer's Ion Drive and accelerate to Mach 3. You curve in a gentle arc towards the fluorescent building and as you pass out from behind a huge iron cooling tower an incredible sight meets your gaze. A spaceship almost as large as one of the generation starships of the 24th century is being dismantled on a huge brass landing field. As you fly over it you see a contraption which can only be an enlarged variac drive being hoisted out of its front end. It takes a few seconds for you to realise what has been happening. The factory droids must have manufactured this colossal Time Machine in hours! Hundreds of them hover about it. They must have planned to invade the Eiger Vault with this machine on Earth, 3033 AD. Now that you have destroyed the Polybdenum and the Timehole on Thrix has closed, Yelov must have altered his plans. As you streak onwards a daunting vista opens up beneath you. It is Mechanon's space launch field, and it is packed with an interstellar warfleet the size of which defies belief. Row upon row of Interceptors, Ion-drive Battle Cruisers and Atmospheric Fighter-carrying mother-ships glow a burnished bronze beneath the dull red sky. Turn to 133.

76
You have misjudged the range and failed to cause the missiles to explode before hitting you and they are closing fast. You slam the Strike Fighter into an arcing power drive towards one of the huge iron cooling towers and pull up at the last moment, thankful for the discovery of G-force dampers. One of the missiles hits the cooling tower, which rings in the thin atmosphere like the toll of a high-pitched bell. The other missile slams into you and causes 1 point of damage to your Energy Shields or 2 points of damage to your Titanium Hull Armour, but your Strike
Fighter is still functional. You decide to retaliate. Will you fire a missile:

At the Planetary Defence Base?
At the fortress droid that hovers before the Central Computer Complex?
Turn to 64
Turn to 50

77
You dodge the stun-blast and the android is fiddling with the strange device once more. Will you climb the courtyard walls and cut the cable which leads to the telephone booth, turn to 188? or if you wish to use your blaster, make an Attack Roll.

If you score 4-12, turn to 92
If you score 2-3, turn to 101

78
The Thrix seems unperturbed by the knowledge that you tried to harm it. Apparently it can withstand the most extreme temperatures and ionic disturbances. It tells you that a mining complex has recently appeared on the planet, a complex as alien to it as you are, and it offers to lead you to it. You decide to follow warily when, out of the gloom, a red light appears ahead of you. A great metal monster comes towards you out of the fog. It has four hover-thruster discs, and it is heavily armoured. It is equipped with an awesome array of weaponry - an Ion Beam discharge, mortar cluster, laser cannon mountings, high explosive machine rifles and the like. It is aiming a laser cannon at you - you have no choice but to blast it. The superheated plasma fuses its metal shell and it explodes with a roar, before it can fire. The Thrix registers pleasure at your action and you continue through the fog together. Turn to 53.

79
You turn the superheated plasma beam of your blaster on the immobile wardroid, an easy target. The lancing bolt of white- hot energy hits its power plant and the flash defence on your helmet automatically cuts in and the faceplate darkens as the lurid explosion lights the yellow atmosphere, hurling debris everywhere. The second wardroid unleashes a guided missile which is homing in on the heat of your body. All you can do is dive behind a rock outcropping and hope that it doesn't carry a fissionwarhead. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 58
If you score 2-4, turn to 67

80
You tell them that you have useful information to be analysed at the Eiger Vault and agree to leave Mechanon before you are all killed. They tell you that Falcon's Wing has been destroyed and you are forced to ask for passage back to the Vault. You make your way back to their machines at a run and your combined firepower is enough to dispose of the four wardroids which attack, but Bloodhound is wounded when you are 'buzzed' by three strafing Atmospheric Interceptors. Lynx is glad to allow you the use of her autodoc and you take a relaxant and recuperate. You may restore up to 12 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 102.

81
The missile pre-detonates before it reaches you, causing massive destruction in the tunnel. For a moment you are hurtling towards an immense wall of flame and the shock wave from the blast stops you almost dead. When it has died away, you surge forward once more. Turn to 28.

82
The knight lowers his lance, its red pennon fluttering, and his great cart horse which is weighed down with armour thunders on towards you. You try to catch the point of his lance on your shield. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 63
If you score 2-6, turn to 114

83
The skills you honed in sim-combat at the academy will be put to the test now. You have a moment to open fire before a pulse of energy from the wardroid's weapon banks flattens you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 4
If you score 2-6, turn to 14

84
As the raildroid's shield flies up to defend against the energy grenade which you have thrown, you attempt to give it a steady blast of superheated plasma. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 136
If you score 2-5, turn to 116

85
You press the launch button and the launch doors fly apart as you are hurtled out of Falcon's Wing. Waiting until you are far enough away from Falcon's Wing to avoid causing exhaust damage, you cut in the Flyer's Ion Drive and accelerate to Mach 3. The Flyer's instruments indicate that your Ion Drive's exhaust is being tracked and the radar shows three ballistic missiles speeding towards your Time Machine. You avoid them with ease, but two of them score direct hits on Falcon's Wing and a third destroys the mining droid behind it. The Flyer has rocked by the blast. When the cloud of pulverised dust has settled nothing remains of Falcon's Wing. You are trapped time and space on the soul-less factory world of Mechanon with only two days' supply of recyclable oxygen in your Flyer.
Your radar screen picks up another salvo of incoming missiles. You flick the joystick left and backwards but the missiles are: homing in on you. Only a sharp turn at the moment before impact will save you. Make an Evasion Roll but count your Evasion Modifier as zero.

If you score 6-12, turn to 100
If you score 2-5, turn to 112

86
You have entered the coordinates of Mechanon, but you are there already. Before you can select a new destination the atomicmine hits your Strike Fighter and you are obliterated.

87
You are too slow and the beam of red light catches you. The metal armour in which you are encased starts to boil and you are turned to steam in seconds. You have failed.

88
The Battle Computer goes to work, destroying two of the Atmospheric Interceptors and crippling a third, but one of the Interceptors fires a missile which streaks towards you. You throw the Fighter to the left at the last moment. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 109
If you score 2-4, turn to 96

89
Your ECM is successful; their electronic signals are a target and you manage to cause the missiles to pre-detonate before they reach you. The Atmospheric Interceptor is still behind you. Will you:

Switch on forward thrust and hurtle past the planetary Defence Base to aim a missile at the fortress droid?
Turn sharply left and aim a missile at the Planetary Defence Base?
Turn to 50
Turn to 64

90
The Laser energy beam has finally breached your ship's defences. The circuits are overloading and she is falling apart. Suddenly the Fighter explodes into a ball of flame and you are destroyed with it.

91
As soon as you arrive back in the Eiger Vault CAIN tells you that Jobanqueis waiting in the research section to debrief you. With Bloodhound and Lynx, you walk briskly to meet him. He is in the office of the head of the research section of TIME, Skirrow, the man who, in his younger days as a space rover, discovered Planet Hel and Skirrow's World. He is a stocky man with red gold hair and he welcomes you cordially. You make a full report to Jobanque who nods pensively throughout. Skirrow takes your universal Interface to unscramble the information it now holds. By the time you have finished telling your story of the horrors of Mechanon, a story which Lynx and Bloodhound confirm, Skirrow has returned with a holo-readout. He confers with Jobanque and they swiftly reach agreement as to the next course of action. Skirrow tells you that you have successfully tapped the data-banks of the Command Computer on Mechanon. 'It is named after Zordekai, the Danikoi who designed it. It seems that, since you have stopped Yelov and the wardroids moving through time to attack the Space Federation in 3033 AD, they are planning to attack Earth, using starship droids, in 1986 AD.'
Jobanque says, 'You, and you alone, must stop them before they take off, Falcon. Skirrow will explain why you must go on without support.' You follow Skirrow to the top secret research laboratory, which is in total darkness. If you have changed history at Crecy to the extent that the inventor of deflector shields never lived, turn to 130. Otherwise turn to 119.

92
You whip out your blaster and fire with the consummate skill of one who has scored MAX in the sim-combat booths three times running. The telephone booth and the android erupt in a small explosion but a piece of twisted metal crashes against your helmet so hard that you fall stunned. Lose 3 Endurancepoints. If you are still alive, you regain your senses to the sound of a siren, like that of an Enforcer's jetcopter nearby, and two men in navy blue uniforms run towards you from the recreation centre. Still groggy, you can jump for the wall and try to scramble over before they catch you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 135
If you score 2-6, turn to 127

93
You jet upwards as Yelov slices the great girder through the air like the arm of a windmill. It catches your foot and tumbles you backwards but you try to train your particle disruptor on him. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 40
If you score 2-4, turn to 73

94
Your blaster discharges a crackling beam of superheated plasma hut your aim is wrong and you only hit a dead horse. The knight charges home, thinking, with his restricted vision, that he had seen no more than the flash of the sun on a polished helm. You have only a moment to try and catch the point of his lance on your shield. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 63
If you score 2-7, turn to 114

95
The Thrix seems to believe you. It tells you that a mining complex has recently appeared on the planet, a complex as alien to it as you are, and it offers to lead you to it. You decide to follow warily when, out of the gloom, a red light appears ahead of you. A great metal monster comes towards you out of the fog. It has four hover-thruster discs, and it is heavily armoured. It is equipped with an awesome array of weaponry - an Ion Beam discharge, mortar cluster, laser cannon mountings, high explosive machine rifles and the like. It is aiming a laser cannon at you - you have no choice but to blast it. The superheated plasma fuses its metal shell and it explodes with a roar, before it can fire. The Thrix tumbles away across the rocky ground at a speed which you cannot hope to match - evidently it has realised what you meant by 'a gesture of friendship'! Turn to 395.

96
You have misjudged the manoeuvre and your wing tip catches a rail which runs the length of the tunnel. The Strike Fighter rights itself but the missile hits you and your wing snaps off. You hurtle on down the tunnel towards the base of a cooling tower which stretches far above the ceiling into the atmosphere Unable to avoid it you crash sickeningly and the Strike Fighter erupts into roaring flames. You are burnt to a crisp.

97
The droid brakes to a stop in an instant. You have only gone a few metres when you are hit by its green ray, which expands as it stabs towards you. The particles of your body coat the walls of the tunnel for fifty metres around in a thin film. You have fallen victim to a high intensity particle disruptor.

98
The questing beam of the wardroid's laser cannon brushes your side, shaving an inch of flesh and bone off your leg and hip. The plasnet of your ruptured suit repairs itself but the awful wound is contaminated by the acid gas of Thrix. Lose 11 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the wound will heal badly - remove 1 from your maximum Endurance scon forever. You return fire at the immobile death machine. The lancing bolt of white hot energy hits its power plant and your helmet faceplate flash defence cuts in, darkening automatically as the bright explosion lights the yellow atmosphere, hurling debris everywhere. You have destroyed both of the wardroids that guard the loading bay but other robots may be on their way to intercept you. Turn to 120.

99
You hurl yourself to the ground, the lancing red light narrowly missing your shoulder. As you pick yourself up the Black Knight swivels and raises his mace to strike at Sir Thomas Chandos who himself is engaged in a titanic struggle with the Duke of Alencon and another French knight. The mace crackles ominously with electricity. Will you:

Use your Power of Will to command the Duke of Alencon to attack the BlackKnight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 415
Turn to 355
Turn to 381

100
The G-force dampers work overtime as the Flyer slews drunkenly away from the missiles and you correct its flight path just before impact with the side of a huge iron cooling tower. The missiles slam into the cooling tower, demolishing it completely. Asyoushootpastittowardsthebuildingintowhich the droid flew, an incredible sight meets your gaze. A spaceship almost as large as one of the generation starships of the 24th century isbeingdismantledonahugebrasslandingfield.Asyou fly over it you see a contraption which can only be an enlarged variac drive being hoisted out of its front end. It takes a few secondsfor you to realise what has been happening. The factory droidsmust have manufactured this colossal Time Machine in hours! Hundreds of them hover about it. They must have plannedto invade the Eiger Vault with this machine on Earth, 3033 AD. Now that you have destroyed the Polybdenum and the Timehole on Thrix has closed, Yelov must have altered his plans. As you streak onwards, a daunting vista opens up beneath you. It is Mechanon's space launch field, and it is packed with an interstellar warfleet the size of which defies belief. Row upon row of Interceptors, Ion-drive Battle Cruisers and Atmospheric Fighter-carrying mother-ships glow a burnished bronze beneath the dull red sky. Turn to 133.

101
Before you have time to fire your blaster the android fires again and you fall stunned to the ground. When you come round the android is standing motionless outside the booth, deactivated. Sirens like those of an Enforcer's jetcopter sound far away in the night as orange streaks roar overhead. There is a flash of light and a thunderous roar as a great mushroom cloud of incandescent flame and smoke erupts into the upper atmos- phere. The next explosion turns your eyes to steam and strips you to a charred skeleton. The android has somehow provoked a nuclear holocaust on earth. Yelov has won.

102
As soon as you arrive back in the Eiger Vault CAIN tells you that Jobanque is waiting in the research section to debrief you. With Bloodhound and Lynx you walk briskly to meet him. He is in the office of the head of the research section of TIME, Skirrow, the man who, in his younger days as a space rover, discovered Planet Hel and Skirrow's World. He is a stocky man with red gold hair and he welcomes you cordially. You make a full report to Jobanque who nods pensively throughout. Then he looks you in the eye and asks you if you appreciate that CAIN alone COM more than the medical welfare of twenty million people. You reply that of course you appreciate the cost, but that there was little time in which to think. 'Very well, let's see what information you have brought back at such cost,' says Jobanque brusquely. Skirrow takes your Universal Interface to un scramble the information it now holds. By the time you have finished telling your story of the horrors of Mechanon, a story which Lynx and Bloodhound confirm, Skirrow has returned with a holo-readout. He confers with Jobanque and they swiftly reach agreement as to the next course of action. Skirrow tells you that you have successfully tapped the data-banks of the Command Computer on Mechanon. 'It is named after Zordekai, the Danikoi who designed it. It seems that, since you have stopped Yelov and the wardroids moving through time to attack the Space Federation in 3033 AD, they are planning to attack Earth, using starship droids, in 1986 AD.'
Jobanque says, 'You, and you alone, must stop them before they take off, Falcon. Skirrow will explain why you must go on without support.' You follow Skirrow to the top secret research laboratory, which is in total darkness. If you have changed history at Crecy to the extent that the inventor of deflector shields never lived, turn to 130. Otherwise, turn to 119.

103
Condensation trails from the Strike Fighter's wing tips as you dive at Mach 5 into the thin atmosphere of Mechanon, towards the Central Computer Complex which glows a ghostly luminescent green. As you turn on reverse thrust and decelerate towards the huge hangar opening you notice a mobile fortress droid hovering upwards ahead of you, and a Planetary Defence Base beyond a huge iron cooling tower to your left. The fortress droid is a huge disc, bristling with missile lasers and plasma cannon space artillery. The Planetary Defence Base is a cluster of several missile launchers and radar dishes. The Battle computer reports an Atmospheric Interceptor closing up behind you at Mach 5.7, as two missiles streak towards you from the Defence Base. You decide to deal with the missiles first using electronic counter measures. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 89
If you score 2-5, turn to 76

104
You pull the joystick back savagely and your ship surges upwards and straightens out, hugging the roof of the tunnel. The two plasma cannons open fire with a spitting roar and two balls of boiling plasma race towards you. You twist your fighter into an arcing dive, screaming downwards in an attempt to avoid the shells. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 138
If you score 2-5, turn to 147

105
You re-materialise high above a green world circled with bands of white cloud. You guide your Strike Fighter towards the largest city that you can see as you skim the rolling hills and plains of Danikos. CAIN says you have been detected but your radar, although covered in moving blips, does not show any aircraft moving to intercept you. You finally set your Fighter down in a sandy square. All of the buildings that you have seen so far look like the palaces of times still to come on Earth. Each is overburdened with exquisitely complicated carvings and orna- mental turrets and domes. A small crowd gathers - the Danikoi are spindly, tall humanoids with sparkling eyes of gold, without iris or pupil. They have no body hair. There are no weapons in sight and you blow the hatch seal and step out. You approach the crowd who show no fear despite your formidable array of weaponry and the outlandish whine of your power suit. Your translator synthesises your speech as a metallic humming when you ask to be taken to their decision makers. There is a ripple of humming laughter and one of them invites you to a party instead, but eventually you manage to convince them to do as you ask. Turn to 222.

106
Your blaster discharges a crackling beam of superheated plasma at the breastplate of the French knight. A great hole is burnt in his chest and he topples dead from his horse. The immediate dangeris over, but as you hide the weapon once more a strange change overcomes you. You are lucky, no-one has noticed the energy beam of your blaster, thinking it was no more than the gleamof the sun's rays off the polished metal of armour, but your breathing seems to falter and you feel weak. Your memories change. Whereas once you remembered as a child being successfully cured of a disease caused by a mutant virus, your memory now tells you that a different medtech used an inferior treatment to cure you. With a shock you realise you have just killed the ancestor of the man who would have invented the cure. He will never have existed. You lose 3 Endurancepoints and your total Endurance may now never exceed 17. You recover from the shock quickly and notice that the valiant French knights are charging time and time again only to be repulsed by the fire of the English longbowmen. Turn to 162.

107
You pass the central processor which is cocooned in a web of soft polystyrene and cooled by a steady flow of near-freezing air.Beyond it is the whir and clank of machinery, and the heat of a small furnace. It is an ore refining plant and the Polybdenum ore is being fed in at one end and the lumps of reddish rock emerge at the other in the form of sleek rods usable in the Variac Drive of Time Machines. Beyond the refinery is the back end of the armadillo-like mining droid where a conveyor belt moves the rods onto a plasteel rack. Beyond the rack hover two guardian wardroids. A sensor in the mining droid alerts them to your presence and they swoop towards you. The lancing white- hot beam of your blaster ionises the yellow gas, turning it red on its path towards one of the wardroids. You score a direct hit on its power plant and your helmet faceplate turns dark as the lurid explosion lights the interior of the mining droid and debris is hurled through the churning yellow gas of the atmosphere. Carborundum lurches forward, crashing into the second droid, smashing its hover pads and immobilising it. As the wardroid crashes to the ground you see that it is aiming a missile which points at the Thrix. Your blaster cuts a path to destruction once more, fusing the metal casing of the droid until it begins to melt, collapsing in on itself. Turn to 181.

108
You rise up using your suit jets but Yelov slices the great girder through the air like the arm of a windmill and it crashes into your back, destroying your jetpack. You fall to the ground and surge to your feet once more but Yelov's plasma pistol spits energy at you once again. Turn to 161.

109
You dive down a tunnel which opens up on your left, hoping that the interceptor droids will not be able to make the same manoeuvre at such speed. The gyro stabilisers whine as you use every ounce of performance the Strike Fighter has. The tunnel curves to the left and you bank and turn in an arc. When it straightens out you can see the mouth of the hangar from the inside, now some miles ahead of you. The droid repair shot's loom towards you and they are protected by a missile launcher which is directed away from you at the hangar. It must be the one that launched the missile the size of your Fighter out of the hangar at you. It is rearmed. The interceptors have lost little time, screaming along behind you as you hurtle over the missile launcher. Your radar tells you that it has launched another missile which is close behind. Will you:

Use electronic counter measures?
Use your aft lasers to deal with it?
Turn to 164
Turn to 134

110
You evade the questing beam of the wardroid's laser cannon and return fire at the death machine. The lancing bolt of white-hot energy hits its power plant and your helmet faceplate flash defence cuts in, darkening automatically as the bright explosion lights the yellow atmosphere, hurling debris everywhere. You have destroyed both of the wardroids that guard the loading bay, but other robots may be on their way to intercept you. Turn to 120.

111
The Duke of Alencon is brave, impetuous and headstrong. Your efforts to subjugate his will are not enough, he merely swings his sword at you. You step back, but as you do so the Black Knight's mace buries itself in Sir Thomas Chandos' helmeted head, splitting it like an overripe melon. You reach for your blaster but everything goes black. Yelov's assassin droid has killed Sir Thomas Chandos, your ancestor, before his son has been born. His line has died and so have you, along with it. It is as if you had never existed.

112
The G-force dampers on your Flyer work overtime as it slews drunkenly out of the path of the missiles. The gyros whine, but one of the missiles passes close enough to you for its computer to decide to detonate. Your Ion Drive is destroyed and you plummet towards the surface of Mechanon. The flyer breaks up on contact but you are flung free, skidding and tumbling for two hundred yards down a polished metal droid highway. Your suit cushions you from the worst but you have lost 6 Endurance points as well as your Flyer. You can only limp onward towards the strange building. Turn to 5.

113
The Battle computer fails to lock onto its target and the fortress droid opens fire with a plasma cannon. A glowing white shell streaks towards you and you slam your Strike Fighter into another right turn, hoping to avoid it. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 197
If you score 2-5, turn to 183

114
The tip of the French knight's lance catches your shield near the top, causing it to tip backwards. The lance rides up over the shield and bores into your chest, tearing through the chain mail corselet, as if it were paper. Lose 8 Endurance points as you are thrown to the ground by the momentum of his charge. You stagger to your feet, thankful that the armour CAIN prepared for you is lighter than the real thing, as the knight throws down his lance and, reining in, draws his blade, intent on finishing you. Turn to 173.

115
The Battle computer manages to lock onto the fortress and your fingerstabs out at the launch button. There is a roar and the Strike Fighter bucks slightly as the missile leaves its bay and streaks toward the fortress. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 2-5, turn to 402
If you score a 1 or a 6, turn to 387

116
The raildroid turns its high intensity particle disruptor on you, beforeyou have focussed your beam. Its shield chops down as cover after your grenade has exploded above it. The green ray expands as it stabs towards you and you are caught. The particles of your body coat the walls of the tunnel for fifty metres around in a thin film.

117
[score an I]
You walk over to his stricken form and drive your sword into the juncture between his helmet and breastplate, piercing his neck. As you pull your sword from his body a strange change overcomes you. You are lucky, no-one has noticed the energy beam of your blaster, thinking it was no more than the gleam of the sun's rays off the polished metal of armour but your breathing seems to falter and you feel weak. Your memories change. Whereas once you remembered as a child being successfully cured of a disease caused by a mutant virus, your memory now tells you that a different medtech used an inferior treatment to cure you. With a shock you realise you have just killed the ancestor of the man who would have invented the cure. He will never have existed. Youlose3 Endurancepointsandyour total Endurance may now never exceed 17. You recover from the shock quickly and notice that the valiant French knights are charging time and time again only to be repulsed by the fire of the English longbowmen. Turn to 162.

118
The central processor is cocooned in a web of soft polystyrene and cooled by a steady flow of near-freezing air. You play your blaster's beam across the free-floating oil-discs which you guess control the working memory of the mining droid's electronic brain. The mining operation shuts down immediately. You carry on past the processor into another cavernous space lit dimly by the light of a furnace. It is a refining plant and the Polybdenum ore is being fed in at one end and the lumps of reddish rock emerge at the other in the form of sleek rods, usable in the Variac Drive of a Time Machine. Beyond the refinery is the back end of the armadillo-like mining droid, where a conveyor belt moves the rods onto a plasteel rack. Swooping towards you up the ramp at the back are two wardroids. Carborundum lurches forward, colliding with one. The twenty tons of rock which is the Thrix severely dents the droid. It stops and sinks to the ground but is about to launch a missile at Carborundum. The second droid is targeting its laser cannon at you. Will you:

Blast the wardroid that is aiming at you?
Try to save Carborundum's life?
Turn to 146
Turn to 129

119
[score an N]
One of the technicians floods the hangar with light and the most advanced piece of weaponry ever designed by the Space Federation is revealed in all its glory. Forty metres long, it looks like a highly advanced, oversized Atmospheric Interceptor. It has four wings which sweep back to needle points on either side of a huge ion-plasma drive tube. A drive like that must mean interstellar capability and the ship is fitted with hyper-drive Skirrow explains, This is a Weeks/Senior Corporation Space Navy Strike Fighter; She has a Variac Drive fitted; this is the first time travel starship, Falcon, treat her well. A copy of CAIN's memory has been installed and linked into our most advanced Battle computer. You have a choice between Zeiss deflector shields or Titanium hull armour.' Skirrow enters the Strike Fighter and explains the controls and capabilities of the craft. She has electronic counter measures, a Variac Drive, four guided missiles with fission warheads, radar and sonic dampers, twin fusion cannons on the upper wing tips, re-entry shields and aft 'point defence' beam lasers. Skirrow continues, 'We have: tailored a Startrooper battlesuit to your size, Falcon. It has a built-in particle disruptor, psionic enhancer helmet, face-up radar display, energy rocket launcher and power armour, which will give you the strength of an android, and boost-jets. The ship handles just like an ordinary Atmospheric Interceptor. Good luck.'
You stare mesmerised at the controls. 'It's all colour coded,' says Skirrow. 'You're not colour-blind, are you ?' You laugh. The only reason Skirrow is not head of the Special Agent Section is that the medtechs failed him because of red/green colour-blindness.
Jobanque says, 'She's all yours, Falcon. Use her to destroy the CentralComputer on Mechanon before the war-fleet blasts off. Our information is that the Central Command Computer can be found within the section you penetrated earlier, but deeper within. It will take us several hours to complete tests on the V ariac Drive. We can fit her with Zeiss deflector shields instead of her armour, or leave the Titanium hull in place. It's your decision.' You make your decision. Note whether or not your Strike Fighter has shields or hull armour on your agent profile. Turn to 143.

120
Have you destroyed the rack of Polybdenum rods? If you have, turn to 131. If you have not, turn to 141.

121
You manage to dominate the will of the Disputer, but the others sense what you are doing and shun you. Controlling one mind on the free world of Danikos, which needs no enforcers or weapons, will not help you. They file out one by one. There is nothing that you can do now which will stop the Danikoi using time travel to mould history to their own decadent whims. Suddenly, everything goes dark. The Danikoi have changed history and it is as if you and the Space Federation had never existed.

122
The Duke of Alencon comes under your control and his sword sweeps in a great arc towards the Black Knight even as the mace begins to fall on Sir Thomas Chandos. Alencon's sword strikes first and the Black Knight jerks unnaturally, his mace blow shaving Chandos' armour. Sparks fly from his armour as he keels over and his helmet visor clicks open." A beam of red light springs from the open helm and Alencon's armour begins to boil, frying him alive. The light plays on three English men at arms who suffer the same horrible death before your blaster vapourises the robot knight. These strange happenings are too much even for the flower of English chivalry who begin to run. The French knights scent victory and a great roar, muffled by their helmets, swells from the French ranks. You have changed history and the tide of battle is going against the English. Will you:

Hurry to Falcon's Wing and leave Crecy?
Use your powers of Thinkstrike on some of the French knights?
Turn to 199
Turn to 170

123
[score an M]
The side of the refinery slopes smoothly to a polished metal droid highway below, like the edge of a bowl. You step over the edge and slide down shooting across the highway at the bottom as if you were on ice. A few worker droids which are using the highway ignore you completely. After about half an hour you emerge from behind a huge iron cooling tower, towards the fluorescent building. You see a large wardroid hovering ahead and duck into a passageway between two large dome-like structures sporting revolving sensor dishes pointed at the stars. You continue along it, skirting the wardroid. When you emerge, you see a massive flat-topped tower ahead. A dark shape appears in the sky and a heavy Interplanetary cargo droid sinks slowly onto the top of the tower, its retros roaring. Your helmet radio picks up a recognition signal from the cargo droid to the tower and you switch your transmitter to record. The cargo droid beams another message to the tower.
There is a deep rumbling sound and the droid is drawn into the tower - its roof is an Access Pad. You transmit the Main Access, Code to CAIN in Falcon's Wing. Note down the number 15 and that you have the Main Access Code. You will be told when you can turn to 15. You turn away and head towards the hangar-like entrance of the fluorescent building. The rim of the hangar boasts twenty great space-artillery pieces like outward pointing teeth in the cavernous maw of a prehistoric monster. As you approach it, skirting a huge iron cooling tower, an incredible sight meets your gaze. A spaceship almost as large as one of the generation starshipsof the 24th century is being dismantled on a huge brass landing field. As you fly over it you see a contraption which can only be an enlarged Variac Drive being hoisted out of its front end. It takes a few seconds for you to realise what has been happening. The factory droids must have manufactured this colossal Time Machine in hours! Hundreds of them hover about it. They must have planned to invade the Eiger Vault with this machine on Earth, 3033 AD. Now that you have destroyed the Polybdenum and the Timehole on Thrix has closed, Yelov must have altered his plans. As you go onwards, a daunting vista lies ahead. It is Mechanon's space launch field, and it is packed with an interstellar warfleet the size of which defies belief. Row upon row of Interceptors, Ion-drive Battle Cruisers and Atmos- pheric Fighter-carrying Mother-ships glow a burnished bronze beneath the dull red sky. Turn to 234.

124
The Battle computer locks on and you press the red button which launches a missile at the Planetary Defence Base. Seconds before your missile destroys it, the fortress droid opens fire with a plasma cannon. A glowing white shell streaks towards you and you slam your Strike Fighter into another tight turn, hoping to avoid it. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 197
If you score 2-5, turn to 183

125
Your expertise with the sword is by no means as great as with your blaster and the sword rings harmlessly off the black helmet. The droid's response is far quicker than any man's as it brings the crackling mace down upon you with a crash and a squeal of tearing armour. Lose 12 Endurance points. You stagger but steel yourself to go on, just as the visor on the Black Knight's helm clicks open and a beam of red light lances towards you. Turn to 99.

126
You slam the Fighter into a power dive straight at the fortress, thumbs on the joystick fire buttons, and open up with your fusion beams. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 253
If you score 2-5, turn to 243

127
You make it over the wall but as you set off down the tarmac strip towards your Strike Fighter you are blinded by the sudden flare of the searchlights of a machine called a car for a moment before your flash dampers cut in. Two more men in blue uniforms get out and one of them manages to hurl himself at you so that you lose your footing and fall to the ground. He is on top of you and you decide to use your Power of Will. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 204
If you score 2-5, turn to 158

128
[score an I]
He is hard pressed from all sides and the great swipe of your sword catches him in the neck, piercing and denting his armour. He falls, stricken, to the grass and breathes no more. As you pull your sword from the dented metal a strange change overcomes you. Your breathing seems to falter and you feel weak. Your memories change. Whereas once you remembered as a child being successfully cured of a disease caused by a mutant virus your memory now tells you that a different medtech used an inferior treatment to cure you. With a shock you realise you have just killed the ancestor of the man who would have invented the cure. He will never have existed. You lose 3 Endurance points and your total Endurance may now never exceed 17. You recover from the shock quickly and notice that the valiant French knights are charging time and time again, only to be repulsed by the fire of the English longbowmen. Turn to 162.

129
You roll behind the furnace.and open fire at the wardroid which threatens the Thrix. You blast just in time, hitting the power plant of the wardroid. Your faceplate reacts instantly, cutting in the flash damper, and it darkens as a bright explosion lights up the interior of the machinery of the refining plant. The second droid shoots across the refinery bay to bring its laser cannon to hear against you. You try to dive under the massive conveyor belt, hoping that it is dense enough to stop the laser. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 168
If you score 2-5, turn to 157

130
One of the technicians floods the hangar with light and the most advanced piece of weaponry ever designed by the Space Federation is revealed in all its glory. Forty metres long, it looks like a highly advanced, oversized Atmospheric Interceptor, It has four wings which sweep back to needle points on either side of a huge ion-plasma drive tube. A drive like that must mean interstellar capability and the ship is fitted with hyper-drive. Skirrow explains, 'This is a Weeks/Senior Corporation Space Navy Strike Fighter. She has a Variac Drive fitted; this is the first time travel starship, Falcon, treat her well. A copy of CAIN's memory has been installed and linked into our most advanced Battle computer. She has Titanium hull armour.' Skirrow enters the Strike fighter and explains the controls and capabilities of the craft. She has electronic counter measures, a Variac Drive, four guided missiles with fission warheads, radar and sonic dampers, twin fusion cannons on the upper wing tips, re-entry shields and aft 'point defence' beam lasers. Skirrow continues, 'We have tailored a Startrooper battlesuit to your size, Falcon. It has a built-in particle disruptor, psionic enhancer helmet, face-up radar display, energy rocket launcher and power armour, which will give you the strength of an android, and boost-jets. The ship handles just like an ordinary Atmospheric Interceptor. Good luck.'
You stare mesmerised at the controls. 'It's all colour coded/says Skirrow. 'You're not colour-blind, are you ?' You laugh. The only reason Skirrow is not head of the Special Agent Section is that the medtechs failed him because of red/green colour-blindness.
Jobanque says, 'It will take us several hours to complete tests on the Variac Drive, then she's all yours, Falcon. Use her to destroy the Central Computer on Mechanon before the war-fleet blasts off. Our information is that the Central Command Computer can be found within the section you penetrated earlier, but deeper within. Turn to 143.

131
You are about to make your way back to Falcon's Wing when a machine shaped like a flying beetle appears in the yellow mist before you. A red light shines on its belly and a form glides to the ground on a disc of metal. With a shock you realise that it is a huge Time Machine and the form is that of the arch villain, Agidy Yelov. A field of orange energy crackles around him; it seems he has stolen the force-field technology of the Creche. He is able to stand unprotected on Thrix, inside the defensive shield. Seeing you and the destroyed Polybdenum he screams with rage. The half of his face which you can see twists in a spasm and his robot arm twitches. In the wisps of yellow fog he looks like a foul demon from the blackest hell. He shouts, 'I thought I had erased you from existence at the battle of Crecy, Falcon. You've meddled with my plans once again, but you cannot stop me this time, I have the most deadly arsenal the universe will ever know ready to obey my every command. I shall re-program every droid, Falcon, so that your death, which is imminent, will be as slow and painful as the technology of Mechanon can devise.' Just then two wardroids appear above the mining complex and as you look up Yelov draws his blaster. You try desperately to get behind the scarred plasteel loading rack before he kills you, but Yelov is very fast and a superb marksman. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 176
If you score 2-6, turn to 153

132
The Duke of Alencon comes under your control and his sword sweeps in a great arc towards the Black Knight even as the mace begins to fall on Sir Thomas Chandos. Alencon's sword strikes first and the Black Knight jerks unnaturally, his mace blow shaving Chandos' armour. Sparks fly from the Black Knight's armour as he keels over and his helmet visor clicks open. A beam of red light springs from the open helm and Alencon's armour begins to boil, frying him alive. The light plays on three English men at arms who suffer the same horrible death before your blaster vapourises the robot knight. These strange happenings are too much even for the flower of English chivalry who begin to run. The French knights scent victory and a great roar, muffled by their helmets, swells from the French ranks. You have changed history and the tide of battle is going against the English. Will you:

Hurry to Falcon's Wing and leave Crecy?
Use your powers of Thinkstrike on some of the French knights?
Turn to 216
Turn to 182

133
As you head towards the hangar-like opening in the building behind the dismantled Time Machine, your radar picks up ten fast-moving objects closing quickly. As you begin to decelerate before entering the building, ten Atmospheric Interceptors dive on you. They are automatic flying droids, somewhat larger than and as fast as your Flyer. You catch sight of laser cannon mountings and missile tubes. You must try to weave the Flyer into the hangar before you are hit. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 148
If you score 2-5, turn to 165

134
You try to target your aft lasers with the aid of the Battle computers before the missile catches you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 178
If you score 2-5, turn to 150

135
You call CAIN on your Remote Access Terminal and it sends out a homing signal to you. It is an easy matter to locate your Strike Fighter in the dark and, once comfortably inside, you engage the Ion Drive and hurtle into the night sky. Within a half hour you have left Earth's atmosphere and cut in the hyperdrive, accelerating to light speed and beyond in seconds, bound for Mechanon. Turn to 144.

136
It knocks the grenade aside with its shield but your blast of superheated plasma fuses it solid and you run on and turn left down another tunnel just as three flying droids appear behind you. Ahead of you is an electronic communications networking centre. You decide to investigate. Turn to 404.

137
Your missile streaks to its target and detonates with a roar. The fortress droid rocks and then plummets down onto the roof of a refinery in a sea of sparks. The fuel inside catches light and there is an enormous explosion and a torrent of flaming fuel flows down one of the droid highways, throwing huge dancing shadows amongst the metal monoliths of this world of factories. The Atmospheric Interceptor is closing in on your tail. You must switch to your rear view scanner and try to pick it off with your point defence lasers, a difficult task as the Interceptor goes into auto-evade, weaving and climbing erratically. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 159
If you score 2-6, turn to 171

138
You hurtle downwards, at a 90 degree angle to the ground, between two flaring balls of plasma. They rush past and explode, filling the tunnel behind you with burning white plasma. You straighten up and flash by over the fortress but a missile launcher has been tracking you and three sleek and deadly dart-shaped missiles fly from the launchers. Turning in unison, they streak towards you, hot on your trail, and closing fast, only metres away. Will you:

Use your electronic counter measures?
Try to pick them off with your aft lasers?
Turn to 172
Turn to 160

139
The English knights, fighting courageously, are beating the Frenchmenback. The ranks close, trapping your assailant. Some Englishknights pull him from the saddle, but he manages to break free, swinging his sword. Will you:

Leave him to the English knights?
Kill him with your sword?
Turn to 149
Turn to 128


140
The console screen in front of you lights up as CAIN presents a short history of the planet Mechanon.

# File-Mech 01
Time 03.14
MECHANON:	Fourth planet orbiting Silurus Six
DIAMETER:	9,200 miles
ATMOSPHERE:	Main constituents, Hydrogen, Oxygen, Argon, Helium and Xenon
GRAVITY:	1.356 Earth standard
COMPOSITION:	Rich in mineral ores, metals and trace elements
SURFACE TEMPERATURE:	43C-59C
LENGTH OF DAY:	31 hours Earth standard time

First landing by sentient species:	19067 BC
First colonists:	The Danikoi

The Danikoi, a highly intelligent humanoid race, were the first known space travellers. Their civilisation crumbled millenia ago but a small group of Danikoi, realising that their race was doomed, decided to leave a lasting monument to their society.' They built robots which could build and program more robots made from the materials mined on the metal rich world of Mechanon. Mechanon became a single immense factory which l.\sted long beyond the last visit of a Danikoi spaceship. Unfortunately, the Danikoi had caused the original robots to be programmed to take whatever steps were necessary to ensure that Mechanon remained a lasting testament to the glory of Danikoi technology. The robots of Mechanon sought to assemble space weapons with which they could wipe out all intelligent life, throughout the universe, for there was no other way for them to ensure that Mechanon remained forever.
In 2291 AD, prior to the launch of the roboships, a nuclear disaster reduced the planet to a featureless mass of fused metal and rock. None of the wardroids of Mechanon remained functional.

END OF FILE MECH 01

Will you:

Ask for information on Yelov's escape?
Listen to a message that CAIN has just received?
Turn to 155
Turn to 195

141
The rack contains nearly a hundred rods of Polybdenum. The mining droid which rumbles along at less than a half a mile an hour pulls the rack along behind it. The ore is fed onto the rack by a conveyor belt and is already refined into rods for the use of a Variac Drive by the refining plant in the belly of the cavernous armadillo-like droid. You play your blaster across the rods and they glow red and begin to react with the chlorine in the Thrixian atmosphere, becoming a useless crumbling compound.
Turn to 131.

142
The wardroids of Mechanon have built an enormous time travel ship using Polybdenum from Thrix. Suddenly it appears in the Eiger Vault, and countless Wardroids pour out of it. The ship winks out once more, to pick up reinforcements. There are already four hundred of them, Interceptors, missile platforms and hovering fortresses and there is nothing you can do to stop them conquering the world, as the beam of a particle disruptor spreads you thinly across the shell of Falcon's Wing. You have failed.

143
Jobanque tells you to rest until the Weeks/Senior Corporation Strike Fighter is ready. You decide to take the hovrail to the leisure park. Alpolis hums with activity, news of Yelov's escape has been suppressed to avoid mass hysteria. You stroll leisurely towards the old style iron gates of the leisure park with its live sheep. Did you visit the low life area of Old Geneva and encounter a hovbike gang when on a mission to find the Renegade Lord? If you did, turn to 156. If you have not visited Old Geneva, turn to 167.

144
You rematerialise two hours out from the dull red planet Mechanon, you are travelling at four-tenths light and are well Out of the range of the intruder detection satellites. Turn to 325.

145
Your missile streaks towards its target, but the fortress droid h.is launched an anti-missile which blasts it out of the sky. The Atmospheric Interceptor is closing in on your tail as the fortress droid fires a plasma shell at you. You throw the Strike Fighter Into a sickening series of arcs and loops in a desperate attempt to evade the shells. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 197
If you score 2-6, turn to 183

146
You blast just in time, hitting the power plant of the wardroid. Your faceplate reacts instantly, cutting in the flash damper, and it darkens as a bright explosion lights up the interior of the machinery of the refining plant. Carborundum is not so lucky. The armour-piercing missile shatters his rocky shell, pouring molten copper into his sound chambers which then explode. A terrible keening fills the air as the Thrix dies and the sonic vibrations crack your faceplate. The acid gas of the Thrixian atmosphere invades your suit and you die horribly as it dissolves your eyes and face. You have failed.

147
You hurtle downwards, at a 90 degree angle to the ground, trying to pass between the two flaring balls of plasma, but you have misjudged it and one of them slams into your forward hull, engulfing your ship in boiling plasma. Lose 2 Shield defence points or 1 Armour point. If your ship's defences have fallen below zero turn to 90. If you have survived, the ship bucks wildly but the gyros, whining shrilly, manage to right it. The plasma dissipates. You engage the booster thruster and surge forward over the fortress, but a missile launcher has been tracking you and three sleek and deadly dart-shaped missiles fly from the launchers. Turning in unison, they streak towards you, hot on your trail, and closing fast, only metres away. Will you:

Use your electronic counter measures?
Try to pick them off with your aft lasers?
Turn to 172
Turn to 160

148
Your evasion manoeuvres are breathtaking and successful, the Atmospheric Interceptors scream overhead, the red pencil- beams of their lasers darting all about you. As you decelerate towards the hangar you notice that the rim of the hangar boasts great space-artillery pieces like outward pointing teeth in the cavernous mouth of a prehistoric monster. One of these pieces opens fire and although it is designed for long-range warfare its shell explodes close enough to damage the Flyer. You switch to reverse thrust, forced to crash land. As the Flyer bellies across the polished steel floor of the hangar complex it bathes the area in a sea of sparks. It will never fly again. You slip out of the crash-couch webbing and blow the cockpit seals so that you can get out of the wrecked Flyer. The inside of the building stretches into the distance, like a giant hovrail tunnel. To your left a much smaller access tunnel, perhaps thirty metres wide, stretches for a hundred metres towards an illuminated display board. Will you:

Run down the access tunnel?
Continue on down the main tunnel?
Turn to 280
Turn to 256

149
The French knight can do nothing but surrender in the hope that he will be ransomed - he is helplessly cut off from his friends. As he is led away, you draw breath and look around once more to gauge the flow of the desperate battle. Turn to 162.

150
You run out of time before you have trained the lasers onto their target. The image of the missile completely fills the rear scanner screen as it hits you. There is a sickening lurch and a horrifying explosion, but you cannot believe it when, a second later, you are still alive. Evidently the defences of your Weeks/Senior Strike Fighter almost defy belief. The Atmos- pheric Interceptors fly through the blast and are destroyed.
I here is damage, however. You have lost 4 pointsfrom your Energy Shields or 7 points from your Titanium Hull Armour. If your ship's defences are at zero or below, all of the circuits overload, turn to 276. If you are above this figure, turn to 28.

151
This act of bravery is your last and it does nothing to save the , population of Earth in 1986 AD. The planet killer will obliterate them all tomorrow but the fighters have breached your ship's defences and you are consumed with your Strike Fighter in a great ball of flame.

152
Yelov's bionic reactions are even faster than they were before and your heavy-powered battlesuit is comparatively slow. He blocks your blow with his bionic arm and then kicks you in the chest. His machine leg carries enough force and weight to dent your battlesuit. Subtract 2 from your Suit Armour points. The computer suddenly activates a grab used for moving the data banks and Yelov jumps back. You try to dodge as its metal claws close on you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 409
If you score 2-6, turn to 174

153
Deadshot Yelov is too quick for you. The plasma bolt from his blaster rips a neat hole in the back of your suit. You fall stunned and the yellow gas of the Thrixian atmosphere invades your lungs. The plasnet of your suit tries to repair itself automati- cally, but Yelov turns down his blaster and uses it to keep the hole open. There is nothing you can do as your lungs turn to an acidified froth. Your death is indeed lingering and painful.

154
Suddenly you find yourself back in TIME headquarters, and the battlefield of Crecy is a fast-fading memory. Your actions have changed history. Count Louis de Nevers of Flanders survived the battle in which he should have been killed. His descendant is a brilliant young woman who scored even more highly than you in training at the Academy. Now she is Agent Falcon and you are working in the Monitoring Section hoping that one day you will be given the chance to be a Special Agent. Unless the new Falcon can foil Yelov the chance will never come. There is an incoming message on the monitoring console screen.
# MESSAGE
Sent by - AGENT FALCON
To any Monitoring Operative
Please verify the following: Disturbance in Mechanon Timeline.
Data to follow.
As Falcon, you have failed.

155
CAIN chooses a visual display for the answer to your question, and the console screen flashes up the following:

Time Now 03.14

SUBJECT:	File YV29 [New Data] Yelov, Agidy - escape from custody Security lapse in the Eiger Vault
NATURE:	Malfunction of Psionic Damper fitted to bionic circuitry which replaced damaged brain tissue
RESULT:	Yelov was able to exert his Power of Will to control a security guard who released him and killed three other guards to enable Yelov access to his Time Machine
DISAPPEARANCE:	Yelov and his Time Machine winked out of the Eiger Vault Timehole at 01.13 Earth Standard Time
DESTINATION:	Unknown

END OF FILE YV29

CAIN chimes, 'He left a message addressed to you, Falcon. He said that he would make sure that your death was a painful one.' you thank CAIN - and tell it not to speak unless spoken to! Will you:

Request information on Mechanon (if you have not already done so)?
Listen to a message that CAIN has just received?
Turn to 140
Turn to 195

156
The revving whine of a hovbike sounds behind you. You whirl found to see Clone, lowlifer leader of the hovbike gang that tried to kill you for sport in a dead-end alley of Old Geneva. He has shaven off all but two spiking tufts of his gold-metal hair but he wears the same patchwork of robot parts and sharpened flangesthat he did then. The ram-fronted hovbike rears and he slips neatly off its back as it roars towards you. A lesser human would have been caught by the hovbike and crushed, but you spinaside and it hurtles past, collapsing into a set of wrought- iron park railings. 'You owe me, mutie upper,' Clone shouts madly. 'Your mindgames have made me a no-life. I've only one thingleft, Falcon, I'm not a street'roid any more, I just want to kill you.' A crowd of passers-by gathers and it irritates you that they stare at you as least as much as the outlandishly garbed madman. You decide to drop him, using your powers of Thinkstrike.He crumples senseless to the floor, a look of resigned rage upon his face, and you hand him over to the two Citpol Enforcers who have just arrived on the scene in a jetcopter. They take Clone away, after sedating him, and you walk on into the park. The incident has unnerved you unaccountably and you are unable to relax. Turn to 167.

157
The wardroid moves faster than you and the beam of its laser cannon knifes into your side, removing an inch of bone and flesh from your hip and thigh. The plasnet of your suit reseals itself automatically, but not before the corrosive yellow gas of the Thrixian atmosphere leaks in and contaminates your wound. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the wound will heal poorly, deduct one from your maximum Endurance forever. Carborundum causes the door of the furnace to fly open and a river of molten slag engulfs both it and the droid. The wardroid's melting point is below that of the lava and it subsides into a molten mass. The Thrix is untroubled by this extreme temperature - is Carborundum indestructible, you wonder? Turn to 181.

158
Your attempt to control the 20th century policeman has failed He is determined to take you to the local enforcement station All you can do now is to jab your elbow into his side and try to disable him using your skill at unarmed combat. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 314
If you score 2-4, turn to 169

159
The twin fission beams play across the Interceptor. Its two sides planes fly apart and the central portion flares bright red, then disappears. As you scan the ground once more you see the polished metal of the launch field glinting redly beneath and the warfleet, which has not yet been launched against Earth. You slow further and line yourself up for the hangar entrance, leading into the glowing green Central Computer Complex Turn to 257.

160
You flick on your aft view screen and desperately try to pick off the streaking missiles with the point defence lasers. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 205
If you score 5-7, turn to 215
If you score 2-4, turn to 230

161
Your power armour battlesuit has been breached and its power plant burns out. You are locked in position like a statue. The suit is too heavy for you to move it using your own strength. Yelov walks slowly up to you grinning evilly and says, 'I said it was kill or be killed, Falcon, and I meant it. I also promised when we met on Thrix that your death would be as lingering and painful as the technology of Mechanon could devise.' Yelov is true to his word. After two years of torture you are utterly insane, no better than a slavering beast. Yelov tires of his sport one day and orders your life-support system to be turned off.

162
The withering volleys from the English longbowmen take their loll of the valiant French knights again and again. The French knights come on in charge after charge, each time retiring to regroup.As they wait for each attack the English bowmen make a V sign with their fingers, indicating that they are ready with more arrows. From their conversation you can gather that it is the French custom to cut off their fingers with which they draw their bowstrings, if ever they are captured.
At last some of the French knights break through and there is fierce hand-to-hand fighting around the Black Prince's position. The Black Prince's horse is killed under him and he and his banner disappear from sight. A French knight whom you recognise from CAIN's descriptions of coats of arms, a strong lighter it seems, is met by a knight whose name, Sir Thomas Chandos, is called out in a warning by his squire. He is an important French noble, Louis de Nevers, Count of Flanders, whose surcoat is adorned with a rampant black lion. Your Psychic Awareness allows you to pick up a myriad thoughts in the din of battle - fear, pride, blood lust, and, somewhere, a strange blank. Sir Thomas Chandos could be struck dead at any time. Will you:
Thinkstrike Louis de Nevers? Attack Louis de Nevers with your sword?
Thinkstrike Chandos so that he falls, as if dead?
Wait to see what happens next?
Turn to 247
Turn to 179
Turn to 193 Turn to 200

163
You surge upwards through the splintered floormetal with a whine of power. Yelov gropes for his plasma pistol but you are too quick for him. Your particle disruptor drills into his chest and a look of primeval terror crosses his face as his very being pours out of him in a stream of atoms. Within seconds he has been spread in a thin coat all over the Central Computer. There is nothing left to show the world that you have defeated the greatest villain of all time. Turn to 361.

164
The missile is protected against your ECM and it comes steadily on as you scream down the tunnel at Mach 5.3. You will have to use your aft lasers but you haven't much time. Turn to 134 but subtract 1 from your next die roll.

165
The lasers of two of the interceptor droids play havoc with the control surfaces of your Flyer and you can only switch to reverse thrust as you speed towards the ground, out of control. Sparks fly as you hit the metal floor of the huge complex and the flyer skids at breakneck speed into a bank of machinery. The crash-couch webbing absorbs much of the impact but the whiplash is severe and you have broken a collar bone. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you extricate yourself from the mangled ruin of your Flyer and look around. The interceptors climbed steeply at the last moment to avoid the complex. You have lost them. The rim of the hangar boasts great space-artillery pieces like the cavernous maw of a prehistoric monster. The inside of the building stretches into the distance, like a giant hovrail tunnel. To your left a much smaller access tunnel, perhaps thirty metres wide, stretches for a hundred metres, towards an illuminated display board. Will you:
Run down the access tunnel? Turn to 280 Continue on down the main tunnel? Turn to 256

166
Whilst you have been on Mechanon, a nuclear holocaust has ravaged Earth in 1986 AD. The nuclear winter caused by the dust which was flung into Earth's atmosphere was so severe that the whole world was covered in ice. Mankind was wiped out and you never existed. You have failed.


167
You return from the leisure park in time for a thorough rebriefing by section leaders Jobanque and Skirrow, and soon you are settled into the crash-couch of the first ever Weeks/Senior Corporation time travel Strike Fighter. You instruct your new version of CAIN to engage the Variac Drive and set coordinates for Mechanon 1986 AD. All goes grey and insubstantial, but after an hour in null-space you fail to materialise as planned. CAIN reports that there is a time flux disturbance. The droids of Mechanon have constructed a time flux destabiliser, trapping you in null-space! You can dimly see the factory planet below, hazy and insubstantial. CAIN says that you are trapped on a grid on which the timeholes of normal space have been forced into null-space. The Strike Fighter's sensors flash warning red and CAIN reports that the droids have sent five atomic mines equipped with anti-matter drives into the grid, one of which has just appeared in front of you and is hurtling towards you! The anti-matter drive enables the mines to travel across null-space anywhere in the grid of the destabilised field as if they were in real space. However, your Ion Drivewill not function here, you can only hop from timehole point to timehole on the grid, instantaneously, using the Variac Drive. Psychic awareness is of no use here, but because of the nature of the field the variac navigational computers will interpret coordinate inputs in the normal way. You must use your Variac Drive to shift to a new timehole point on the grid, as the four other atomic mines diverge towards all of the timehole points. If you don't, the mines will obliterate you. CAIN flashes up a picture of the grid on your face-up display. Which coordinates will you type into the console?

Rigel 0/ 0/ 1
Mechanon 0/ 3/ 2
Danikos 0/  3/ 0
Clyss 0/ 4/ 1
Earth 0/ 2/ 3
Turn to 225
Turn to 86
Turn to 177
Turn to 190
Turn to 202

168
The conveyor belt absorbs the beam for a second, but it slices through the plasteel as if it were tender flesh. It is boring through to you when Carborundum causes the door of the furnace to fly open and a river of molten slag engulfs both it and the droid. The wardroid's melting point is below that of the lava and it subsides into a molten mass. The Thrix is untroubled by this extreme temperature - is Carborundum indestructible, you wonder? Turn to 181.

169
One of the policemen produces a padded stick and while you are disposing of his colleague he manages to knock you un- conscious. You wake up in a cell in the enforcement station which they call a police station. Your helmet and blaster are missing. You have allowed advanced technology to fall into the hands of those who will use it to their advantage against the other countries of the divided 20th century world. History is altered and you wink out of existence. You were never born.

170
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-3, turn to 154
If you score 4-6, turn to 182

171
The interceptor is nimble and it swerves just enough to cause your fission beams to miss before gunning its pulse lasers into you. If your Strike Fighter carries Zeiss Deflector Shields they withstand the pulse laser, unharmed. If not your Titanium Hull Armour has taken 1 point of damage. If your Hull Armour is at zero points, turn to 208. If not, you manage to bring the interceptor into your sights once again. Turn to 159.

172
They are very close behind you. Will the ECM make any difference you consider as you jab the button? Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 185
If you score 2-6, turn to 298

173
All you can do as the French knight's sword hurtles down towards your helm is to throw up your shield. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 187
If you score 2-5, turn to 44

174
It is more difficult to dodge in the battlesuit than without it and the grab latches onto you, the four metal plates of its claw each as large as you. It crushes you and even your armoured power suit begins to buckle. Subtract 2 from your battlesuit armour points and 4 Endurance points as your ribs crack in several places. If your battlesuit armour is at zero or less, turn to 161. If not, and you are still alive, luckily you have your arms free and you blast the grab with your disruptor and fall to your feet as it crumbles to dust. You must try to dodge again - Yelov has wrenched a huge girder from the floor with his bionic arm and is swinging its end at you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 93
If you score 2-5, turn to 108

175
A pulse of laser light slices through your leg and you fall helpless to the steel floor of the droid highway. The interceptors scream skyward, looping the loop, and on their return they drop a hail of energy grenades. You are completely obliterated.

176
You seize a part of the twisted rack and hurl it at Yelov, before sprinting off into the swirling mass of yellow fog. You hear Yelov ordering the wardroids to kill you; it seems he isn't going to risk staying on Thrix any longer. The wardroids roar overhead, trying to sense you. Will you:

Blast at one of them?
Turn the temperature control on your suit to freezing?
Turn to 186 Turn to 198

177
You move to a new point on the grid, but it is not far enough away from Mechanon. The atomic mine arrives at the same instant as you and hits your Strike Fighter, obliterating you.

178
Your lasers play havoc with the missile's guidance mechanisms and it veers into the side of the tunnel where it detonates with a roar, which makes the tunnel ring like a bell and fills it with an incandescent ball of flame. The Atmospheric Interceptors are caught in the blast and destroyed. Turn to 28.

179
Louis de Nevers is a tall and powerful knight and he swings his sword and shouts out a great battle cry. You run forward and trade blows with him, hoping to find a way past his heavy broadsword. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 305
If you score 2-6, turn to 189

180
CAIN opens a holo-link to Jobanque's office. Your new section leader is in deep thought, but looks up at you as you ask your question. 'I shall wait until you have decided your first move before I deploy the SAT Squad. I may send Bloodhound and Lynx to Mechanon if we do not hear from you within four hours, but I don't believe in letting everyone loose on the Timelines at once - there's no telling what might happen if two operatives are active within the same Timehole without knowing that a colleague is busy there too.'
You nod. 'I'm on my own then?' you ask.
Jobanque smiles, To begin with, at least. You'll survive, Falcon.'
You instruct CAIN to break the holo-link and ask it for more information.

If you wish to review data on Mechanon
If you want more details on Yelov's escape
Turn to 140
Turn to 155

181
You move quickly out to the back of the mining droid, where the conveyor belt has delivered about a hundred rods of pure Polybdenum onto a plasteel rack. There are no more wardroids to be seen. Three badly corroded loading droids stand motionless, ignoring you. You play your blaster across the rods and they glow red and begin to react with the chlorine in the Thrixian atmosphere, becoming a useless crumbling compound Carborundum thinks into your mind, thanking you for saving its life. He tells you that he was named after a form of carbon because he is considered unusual by the silicon Thrix, but that he is privileged to have contacted so unusual a being as you. He asks if you will become his silica-clone, and as this is apparently a great honour, you accept. Before you ask what a silica-clone is a machine shaped like a flying beetle appears in the yellow mist before you. A red light shines on its belly and a form glides to the ground on a disc of metal. With a shock you realise that it is a huge Time Machine and the form is that of the arch villain Agidy Yelov. A field of orange energy crackles around him. It seems he has stolen the force-field technology of the Creche. He is able to stand unprotected on Thrix, inside the defensive shield. Seeing you and the destroyed Polybdenum he screams with rage. The half of his face which you can see twists in a spasm and his robot arm twitches. In the wisps of yellow fog he looks like a foul demon from the blackest hell. He. shouts, 'I thought I had erased you from existence at the battle of Crecy. Falcon. You've meddled with my plans once again, but you cannot stop me this time, I have the most deadly arsenal the universe will ever know ready to obey my every command. I shall re-program every droid, Falcon, so that your death which is imminent will be as slow and painful as the technology of Mechanon can devise.' Just then two wardroids appear above the mining complex and, as you look up, Yelov draws his blaster. Carborundum sets up a keening wail which seems to disturb Yelov's force shield. He starts to choke as the deadly gas reaches his lungs and, stepping onto the disc, is sucked back up into the Time Machine, which winks out seconds later. Turn to 242.

182
As the French knights flow past you in pursuit of the English men at arms, hacking at you with their swords as they go, you concentrate your thoughts and hurl blast after blast of mental energy at them even while catching sword blows on your shield. You topple several from the saddle. The impetus of their charge slows and just at the right moment twenty English knights arrive, having been ordered to the Black Prince's position by King Edward when his son and his son's banner had been thrown to the ground. The English rally and after fierce fighting the French are repulsed once more. You regain the safety of Falcon's Wing, suffering no more than the mockery of some camp followers who think that you are fleeing the battle in fear. CAIN tells you that his scanners registered the fact that the Black Knight was a droid from Mechanon, and that it must have been programmed to kill Sir Thomas Chandos who is probably your ancestor. 'Be careful Falcon, Yelov is trying to kill you.' If you didn't know that electronic brains are not programmed to register emotion CAIN's tone would have you believe CAIN was worried on your behalf. You ask CAIN what effect the changes in history will have. CAIN is silent for some seconds before replying, 'King Edward will still take Calais from the French and most of the changes will be cancelled out by the terrible plague called the Black Death that will sweep Europe in two years' time.'
You can see on the console screen that the battle is continuing. The Black Prince is alive, another horse between his knees, and his standard has been raised once more. The camera zooms in on the leader of yet another French charge. CAIN tells you that the man in the visor-less helmet tied to two other knights who are leading his horse into battle is King John the Blind of Bohemia. Once again the French charge is broken by the English archers and is thrown back. You can see the blind king lying dead on the field,still tied to his brave knights. It is already dusk and the Englishhave almost won the day. There is nothing more for you to do here in mediaeval France. Turn to 294.

183
The plasma shell explodes close enough to damage your Strike Fighter. If you are equipped with Zeiss Deflector Shields they are drained by 2 points. If you are not, your Titanium Hull Armour has taken 1 point of damage. The Atmospheric Interceptor is about to open fire on you. You pull your starship into a loop and bring it into your forward sights before firing your twin fission beams. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 159
If you score 2-6, turn to 171

184
The knight lowers his lance, its red pennon fluttering, and his cart horse, which is weighed down with armour, thunders on towards you. You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of mental energy at him before the lance tip spears you. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 18
If you score 2-5, turn to 29


185
Your ship swamps the missiles with electronic jamming signals and they all explode simultaneously. They were too close and your ship rocks with the force of the blast. Lose 1 Shield point or 2 Armourpoints.Ifyourship'sdefenceshavefallenbelowzero,turn to 276. If you have survived, you leave the fortress far behind. Turn to 71.

186
Your first shot misses but the wardroids sense it and turn to attack you from either side. You will be lucky to survive the onslaught of their powerful weaponry. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 2 or 5, turn to 212
If you score 1 or 4, turn to 271
If you score 3 or 6, turn to 254

187
Three times the French knight's sword rings loudly on your shield with bludgeoning force. You are driven to your knees under the weight of his attack, but the English knights have courageously beaten back the French and their ranks close once more. Your assailant is trapped and, realising the hopelessness of his position, he decides, instead of killing you, to surrender to you in the hope of being ransomed. You shake your head and move your aching shield arm gingerly as he is led away. An esquire calls that he is the prize of the unknown knight whose arms are 'Argent, a Chevron Gules', the colours of your shield. As the numbness leaves your arm, you look about you to gauge the flow of battle. Turn to 162.

188
You have managed to cut through the telephone wire with your blaster and the android can no longer use the telephone booth.
As you look down it steps out of the booth and aims its stunblaster at you. Will you:

Jump down on the far side of the wall and run across the fields?
Jump down and attack the android hand-to-hand?
Use your blaster on it?
Turn to 255
Turn to 236
Turn to 244

189
Your great cut misses as he ducks and drives his sword at your chest, piercing your chain mail and breastplate as the force of his charge bowls you over. Lose 9 Endurance points. As you struggle to your feet the blade of Sir Thomas Chandos saves your life, claiming that of your assailant. Suddenly, you see an English knightin black armour whose shield bears no device, but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace to strike Sir Thomas Chandos and it seems to crackle with a blue aura. You cannot detect any thought at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 414
Turn to 319
Turn to 334

190
You move to a new point on the grid, but it is not far enough away from Mechanon. The atomic mine arrives at the same instant as you and hits your Strike Fighter, obliterating you.

191
Yelov misses you with the plasma pistol, but he rushes you with a speed that shows that both of his legs are bionic. He is having himself transformed into a walking death machine. He punches you with his bionic arm which is twenty times as powerful as any man's. You hurtle backwards and smash into a computer terminal. Subtract 1 from your Suit Armour. If your armour is at zero or less, turn to 161. Otherwise, the computer screams at Yelov not to hurt it as you leap up and drive your powered fist towards Yelov's face. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 52
If you score 2-6, turn to 152

192
You hurtle onward like a bullet. After a few moments you see an enormous missile launcher ahead. Obviously the one that launched the missile as big as your Strike Fighter and it is armed and ready again. With a shuddering roar the huge missile pulls away from the launcher and accelerates towards you. You have no time to turn and it completely fills your screen. In desperation you fire your fission beam but to no avail. The missile erupts and its explosive force is doubled in this enclosed space. Your hull is breached and the tunnel collapses around you. A tangled mess of metal and rock will be your tomb for ever. You have failed.

193
Your blast of thought completely stuns Sir Thomas Chandos and he slumps to the ground just as he was aiming a great blow at Count Louis de Nevers. The Count of Flanders seeks a new foe as a huge English knight dressed from head to toe in black armour, carrying a shield which bears no device but is black as sable, stoops as if to help Chandos. To your surprise, you can detect no thought at all inside the black helm and the knight is raising a spiked mace above Sir Thomas that crackles with a blue aura. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 414
Turn to 355
Turn to 346

194
You shelter under the broken machinery of the worker droid. Pieces clang as they are cut from it to fall to the steel floor by the pulse lasers of the interceptors. They loop the loop and fire again on the return run, before arcing away, their drive reactors emitting a harsh whine. You continue towards the hangar-like entrance of the fluorescent building. The rim of the hangar boasts twenty great space-artillery pieces like outward pointing teeth in the cavernous maw of a prehistoric monster. As you approach it, skirting a huge iron cooling tower, an incredible sight meets your gaze. A spaceship almost as large as one of the generation starships of the 24th Century is being dismantled on a huge brass landing field. As you fly over it you see a contraption which can only be an enlarged Variac Drive being hoisted out of its front end. It takes a few seconds for you to realise what has been happening. The factory droids must have manufactured this colossal Time Machine in hours! Hundreds of them hover about it. They must have planned to invade the EigerVault with this machine on Earth, 3033 AD. Now that you havedestroyed the Polybdenum and the Timehole on Thrix has closed, Yelov must have altered his plans. As you streak onwards, a daunting vista opens up beneath you. It is Mechanon's space launch field, and it is packed with an interstellar warfleet the size of which defies belief. Row upon row of Interceptors, Ion-drive Battle Cruisers and Atmospheric fighter-carrying Mother-ships glow a burnished bronze beneath the dull red sky. At the hangar mouth, worker droids are cutting part of the Time Machine apart in a blaze of heat and light. Will you:

Walk in past these?
Skirt them, entering the hangar in shadow?
Turn to 245
Turn to 218

195
CAIN chimes, 'I have received data on movements in three timeholes from the Monitoring Section.' The console screen flashes as CAIN presents a list of recent time trips.

Time now: 03.54

TIME	DESTINATION	TRAVELLER
21.40	Mechanon 2291 AD	Yelov
23.17	Thrix 1776 AD	Unknown
01.02	Mechanon 2291 AD	Unknown
02.00	Thrix 1776 AD	Unknown
02.51	Mechanon 2291 AD	Unknown
02.59	Crecy 1346 AD	Unknown
03.05	Mechanon 2291 AD	Unknown
03.10	Eiger Vault, 3033 AD	Agent Chameleon

You ask CAIN who the unknown traveller could be and it replies that all the other time machines and TIME personnel are accounted for and that you may safely assume the traveller is Yelov. You ask for information on Thrix and Crecy and CAIN tells you that Thrix is a planet rich in Polybdenum, the rare mineral which the Variac Drives and Molecular Converters of Time Machines use as fuel. It is inhabited by strange intelligent rock-like life forms. Crecy is in Earth's past at the time of a battle- between mediaeval knights in armour which was the first in the Hundred Years War. Yelov has not been idle. Will you:

Travel through time to Crecy?
Thrix?
Mechanon?
Ask for more information?
Turn to 209
Turn to 223
Turn to 233
Turn to 261

196
Your blast demolishes the wardroid's radar antenna but its cannonisnowtargetedonyou.Youcanonlyhurlyourselfaside from the impending blast. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 228
If you score 2-6, turn to 217

197
You manage to swerve from the path of the plasma shell and hurtle below the fortress droid. The Atmospheric Interceptor follows you. It is about to open fire on you. You pull your starship into a loop and bring it into your forward sights before firing your twin fission beams. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 159
If you score 2-6, turn to 171

198
[score an F]
For long anxious moments you wait for the searing pain which will tell you that a laser cannon is ending your existence, but the wardroids roar overhead creating a whirlpool of dust and mist. Their infra-red sensors, which see only heat, have lost your trace. You return the temperature control of your suit to normal, but you had not calculated on the added effect of the naturally low temperature on this freezing planet. You are already suffering severe frostbite. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, CAIN radios you to say that the timehole on Thrix is closing and you run back to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 284.

199
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-3, turn to 216
If you score 4-6, turn to 154

200
[score an A]
There is a great ringing of steel, and sparks fly as the swords of Count Louis and Sir Thomas meet. The Frenchman is tall and powerful, but Sir Thomas is the more skilful and he turns the Count's sword before burying his own deep in the Frenchman's side. Count Louis falls to the ground, dead, as Chandos searches, panting for breath and peering through the narrow slit of his visor, for a new opponent. Suddenly, you see an English knight in black armour whose shield bears no device but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace to strike Sir Thomas Chandos and it seems to crackle with a blue aura. You cannot detect any thought at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
turn to 213
Turn to 226
Turn to 235

201
You have only a moment before the Black Knight's mace crushes Sir Thomas Chandos. Desperately, you focus your thought and project your will into the mind of the French knight, the Duke of Alencon. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 132
If you score 2-4, turn to 111

202
You move to a new point on the grid, but it is not far enough away from Mechanon. The atomic mine arrives at the same instant as you and hits your Strike Fighter, obliterating you.

203
Under cover of your shield you draw your blaster from its place of concealment. You have time to fire once before the French knight is upon you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 106
If you score 2-4, turn to 94

204
You control one of the policemen and force him to bodycheck his colleague while you make your getaway across the fields and search for your Strike Fighter. As you melt into the night you can hear the policeman saying, 'What's got into you, have you gone mad?' Turn to 135.

205
Desperately you target the lasers and let fly. With the accuracy of an elite combateer you slice all three rockets in half in quick succession and they fall harmlessly away. You switch to the forward screen and race on, leaving the fortress behind. Turn to 71.

206
You blast the gun mounting which fuses before it has brought the cannon to bear, and then play a long blast of sizzling energy over the wardroid. The yellow gas turns red in a great cloud around it as the metal of the droid fuses and collapses in on itself, into a molten mass. It carried a radar beacon which has now stopped functioning. You can see four more of the hovering wardroids, one at each corner of the gargantuan mining droid and you realise it will not be long before they register that the droid which attacked you is out of action. At the back of the mining droid is a loading bay stacked with thin rods of ore. Will you:

Creep across the rocky terrain towards the loading bay?
Wait where you are to see what happens?
Skirt the mining droid taking advantage of the cover of some loose boulders?
Turn to 252
Turn to 266
Turn to 238

207
You are at a T-junction. The tunnel continues straight ahead and another branches off to the left. You can see something blue glowing at its end. Will you:

Bank and turn left?
Continue straight on?
Turn to 220
Turn to 192

208
The laser energy beam has finally breached your ship's defences. The circuits are overloading and she is falling apart. Suddenly the Fighter explodes into a ball of flame and you are destroyed with it.

209
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational coordinates for the timehole at Crecy, France, 1346 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and using your Psychic Awareness locate the timehole at Crecy. When you have translated this location into coordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points. When you arrive you switch on the external camera. Turn to 58.

210
The hatch seals as you settle into your crash-couch and run routine system checks. The technicians have been over your machine with a microscope and Falcon's Wing is in perfect repair. You decide to ask CAIN for some information.

If you ask for details on planet Mechanon,
If you would like to ask for details of Yelov's escape,
If you would like to ask Jobanque whether he is using any other agents on this mission,
Turn to 140
Turn to 155
Turn to 180

211
You move to the new point on the grid but are caught in the middle of an atomic explosion which obliterates you. The atomic mine has arrived momentarily before you and you have entered a fireball of raw energy.

212
You fire twice on the run, immobilising one of the wardroids which crashes to the ground, but missing the other. A pulse of energy from the weapon banks of the second droid hurls you against the rocky remains of a dead Thrix. Your suit is ruptured. Lose 10 Endurance points. The wounds will heal badly - subtract 1 from your maximum Endurance points permanently. If you are still alive, you roll aside and blast again. Your aim is true and you have destroyed the other wardroid's hover pads. It falls to the ground with an impact that shakes the rock like an earthquake and explodes scattering lumps of corroded metal everywhere. The immobile wardroid is preparing to open up at you with its laser cannon - you have an instant in which to dodge the beam and destroy the droid. You evade the questing beam of the wardroid's laser cannon and return fire at the immobile death machine. The lancing bolt of white-hot energy hits its power plant, hurling debris everywhere and your helmet faceplate flash defence cuts in, darkening automatically as the bright explosion lights the yellow atmosphere. CAIN radios you to say that the timehole on Thrix is closing and you run to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 284.

213
Shutting all other thoughts out you concentrate on exerting your will to control the Black Knight but there is no will to control. Inside the menacing suit of armour, you realise with horror, is an automaton not a man. It is about to strike Sir Thomas Chandos a crushing blow with its mace and you are almost too late tosave him. Subtract2fromyournextdierolltoreflect this. Will you:
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster against it?
Turn to 226
Turn to 235

214
Yelov's plasma pistol rips into your battlesuit, twisting and rupturing its armour, and you lose 10 Endurance points as the plasma gets through to your midriff. If you are still alive, you recover, but the speed with which Yelov now rushes you shows that both of his legs are bionic. He is having himself transformed into a walking death machine. He punches you with his bionic arm which is twenty times as powerful as any man's. You hurtle backwards and smash into a computer terminal. Subtract \ from your Suit Armour. If your armour is at zero or less, turn to 161. Otherwise, the computer screams at Yelov not to hurt it. Turn to 56.

215
Desperately you target the lasers and let fly. You slice two in half and they fall harmlessly away, but try as you might, you are unable to hit the other one and it slams into the underside of your ship and explodes. Lose 1 Shield point or 2 Armour points. If your ship's defences have fallen below zero, turn to 276. If you have survived, your ship rocks upward but the gyros right it, and you flash onward past the fortress, lucky to be alive. Turn to 71.

216
You regain the safety of Falcon's Wing, suffering no more than the mockery of some camp followers who think that you are fleeing the battle in fear. CAIN tells you that his scanners registered the fact that the Black Knight was a droid from Mechanon, and that it must have been programmed to kill Sir Thomas Chandos who is probably your ancestor. 'Be careful, Falcon, Yelov is trying to kill you.' If you didn't know that electronic brains are not programmed to register emotion, CAIN's tone would have you believe he was worried on your behalf. You can see on the console screen that the English are losing the battle, but it is too late for you to do anything about it. You ask CAIN to evaluate the extent to which history has been changed. CAIN purrs quietly for some moments before reporting that, whilst the Black Prince lives, most of the French leaders have been killed, with the exception of Count Louis de Nevers who will now kill the ancestor of the man who invented the energy deflector shields for Federation warships, at the battle of Poitiers. Note down on your Adventure Sheet that Count Louis survived the battle of Crecy and Zeiss, the inventor of deflector shields, never lived. Luckily, King Edward will still manage to take Calais from the French and the changes of history will largely be cancelled out by the awful plague, the Black Death, that will sweep Europe in two years' time. Turn to 294.

217
The laser cannon nicks your leg and the corrosive gas of Thrix's atmosphere pours into your environment suit. Your leg has been almost severed, but the suit's plasnet repairs itself automatically. You lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your leg will heal badly, and you must remove one from your Endurance maximum forever. Turn to 228.

218
As you steal towards the hangar you hear the sound of an alarm. You look to the source and see an infra-red scanner. Twenty gleaming barrels, the space-artillery, composed of a grill-like mesh of metal alloys, dip down ponderously towards you. You begin to sprint as bands of energy pulse ever more quickly from end to end of the barrels, which then spit out balls of plasma. Twenty plasma shells erupt around you, the explosion digs a crater a hundred metres deep, completely destroying the remnants of Yelov's Time Machine as well as you. You are just a memory.

219
[score a J]
The Main Access portal is an oval opening, a hundred metres across and fifty high. It seems to be composed of ten overlapping sections of metal which can slide open one at a time or all together. As you hurtle towards it a swarm of Atmospheric Interceptors appear from the hangar opening. Their pulse lasers will soon be wreaking havoc on your ship's defences. To blast your way through the Main Access portal, will you use:
A missile?
Your twin fusion beams?
Turn to 31 Turn to 54

220
You bank and hurtle down the enormous side tunnel like a bullet, and an incredible sight greets you. The floor of the corridor is a huge droid factory, production lines stretch endlessly for miles ahead and the walls and floor are crawling with droids, like ants in an anthill. One side of the corridor is lined with rank upon rank of wardroids, waiting for activation. You speed onward at Mach 5, eating up the miles. Something glowing a bright electric blue seems to grow ahead of you as you approach it. Turn to 340.

221
You play the beam of your particle disruptor over the generator as Yelov takes aim again. There is a sudden flash behind him and a gust of wind rushes past you and out of the tunnel, now that the invisible force field is destroyed. Noxious vapours stream in around you and Yelov is propelled, choking, to a hatch in the side of the tunnel that opens by the raildroid's grav-beam. You fire a rocket and then jet towards him, but he is through the hatchway in a twinkling. The droid's shield blocks the rocket, but the explosion damages its circuitry and it jars to a standstill. Using your particle disrupter you carve a hole in the tunnel wall and fly through it, after Yelov. Turn to 412.

222
You are taken to the Speaking House, a building neither more nor less grandiose than any of the Others, and given the chance to speak to those who have volunteered to play a part in governing the planet. There are twenty-seven of the Danikoi who recline on plush couches that float in the air. They elect one called the Disputer to argue against you. You have no choice but to tell them you are a Time Traveller and the reasons you have journeyed to their world and time. Your own people on Earth and the Federation will be killed if they allow Mechanon to be turned into a lasting monument to their technological knowhow. They hear you out without interruption and when you have finished the Disputer says that they have no plans to build a factory planet anywhere. You reply that they will begin building on Mechanon in five thousand years. There is a general hum and one of the Danikoi asks you why their descendants should wish to do this. You reply, 'I know only that they will choose to do so. In my time, fifty millenia from now, it is history.' The hum this time is louder. The Disputer stands and asks you to prove that you are a Time Traveller. Will you:

Call up CAIN and ask him if there is a useful prophecy you can make?
Lead them to the Strike Fighter, show them the Variac Drive and explain the principles of time travel?
Turn to 363
Turn to 21

223
Falcon's Wing settles onto the rocky surface of Thrix with a crunch and a whine from its hydraulic legs. CAIN warns you that the soupy, yellow atmosphere of Thrix is highly corrosive, so you put on your environment suit. The inhabitants of this world live for many thousands of years and are composed almost entirely of glass, like silica. They are telepathic and can also move objects by thought alone. The camera shows ghostly outcroppings of jagged rock, swimming in soupy gases. Soon after you have stepped outside, the gases seem to thicken into a fog and you are forced to halt until visibility improves. Just as you catch sight of a huge machine bristling with weaponry, everything goes black. Your ancestor has been killed at the Battle of Crecy on Earth in 1346 AD. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed

224
You are unable to shake it off. It homes in on you; its image completely fills the scanner screen as it hits you head on. There is a sickening lurch and a horrifying explosion but you cannot believe it when, a second later, you are still alive. Evidently the defences of your Weeks/Senior Strike Fighter almost defy belief. There is damage, however, you have lost 4 points from your Energy Shields or 7 points from your Titanium Hull Armour. If your ship's defences are at zero or below all of the circuits overload. Turn to 282. If they are not, you accelerate away, the impact has stopped you dead. Turn to 351.

225
Well done. You arrive at the point on the grid which corresponds to a Timehole on Rigel Prime. The display on your faceplate shows that the mine at Mechanon has exploded and died away. The other mines are about to explode at the other Timehole points on the grid. You must engage your Variac Drive again to avoid the last mine which is racing towards you. Which coordinates will you type into your console?

Clyss
Mechanon
Danikos
Earth
0/ 4/ 1 0/ 3/ 2 0/ 3/ 0 0/ 2/ 3
Turn to 251
Turn to 264
Turn to 240
Turn to 211

226
Before the crackling mace can land you swirl your sword and hack at the arm that wields it. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 24
If you score 2-6, turn to 12

227
You bank tightly and accelerate up to Mach 5. The Strike Fighter roars into the red sky as the G-force dampers hum. The ship is throbbing with the acceleration, but your rear scanner shows that the missile is gaining. You try to pick it off with your aft point defence lasers. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 315
If you score 2-4, turn to 326

228
You open fire again and this time your plasma beam fuses the wardroid's gun mountings, allowing you to play your beam over it for some time. The yellow gas turns red in a great cloud around it as the metal of the droid fuses and collapses in on itself, into a molten mass. It carried a radar beacon which has now stopped functioning. You can see four more of the hovering wardroids, one at each corner of the gargantuan mining droid and you realise it will not be long before they register that the droid which attacked you is out of action. At the back of the mining droid is a loading bay stacked with thin rods of ore. You creep across the rocky terrain towards the loading bay. Turn to 252.

229
[score an N]
You explain your best guess as to what Yelov is up to and you do not have to wait long for CAIN to reply, 'Affirmative, Falcon, I concur. I suggest you set coordinates for the planet Thrix.' Where will you set coordinates for?

A return to the Eiger Vault on Earth, 3033 AD?
The factory world of Mechanon?
The inhospitable world of Thrix, 1776 AD?
Turn to 9
Turn to 47
Turn to 320

230
Desperately you target the lasers and let fly. You slice one in two and it falls harmlessly away, but try as you might, you are unable to hit the other two and they slam into the underside of your ship, exploding simultaneously. Lose 2 Shield points or 3 Armour points.
If your ship's defences have fallen below zero, turn to 276. If you have survived, your ship rocks upward but the gyros right it and you flash onward past the fortress, lucky to be alive. Turn to 71.

231
You are at a T-junction. The tunnel continues straight ahead and another branches off to the right. You can see something blue glowing at its end. Will you:

Bank and turn right?
Continue straight on?
Turn to 220
Turn to 246

232
You fly towards the raildroid and set off two rockets before training your particle disruptor on Yelov. The droid's shield moves into place in front of Yelov and its outer edge must be in a stasis field for it is unaffected even by a particle disruptor. Yelov's accuracy with his blaster is breathtaking as he shoots down both of the rockets before they reach him. The raildroid hums as it accelerates along the rail towards you. You jet away but you are too late. You are caught and held in mid-air by its grav-beam. Once more Yelov displays his skill with the blaster as he aims it at the faceplate of your battlesuit. The high tensile plexiglass is vapourised and Yelov pauses to sneer before doing the same to your face. You have failed.

233
Falcon's Wing rematerialises on Mechanon, which is a gleaming orb of polished metals. Robo-factories stretch as far as the eye can see, covering every inch of the planet's surface, almost without light in the sombre red sky. At three mile intervals around you are what must be planetary defence points: bronze domes bristling with some sort of surface-to-space artillery. Your scanners indicate that nothing lives on this dead world, not even grass, but it is alive with bizarrely-shaped droids which dart and scuttle across its face like insects. You decide to explore on foot and set out towards a building which glows a ghostly green. You move swiftly but are not far enough from Falcon's Wing to escape the blast of an incoming missile. You are hurled through the air and smash into the base of a huge iron cooling tower as Falcon's Wing is blown to smithereens. As you regain consciousness and realise that you are trapped in time on Mechanon, all goes dark. Your ancestor has been killed at the Battle of Crecy on Earth in 1346 AD. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed.

234
At the hangar mouth, worker droids are cutting part of the Time Machine apart in a blaze of heat and light. Will you:

Walk in past these?
Skirt them, entering the hangar in shadow?
Turn to 245
Turn to 218

235
Before the crackling mace can land you whip your blaster from its place of concealment with the speed and skill of a crack combateer. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 3
If you score 2-5, turn to 417

236
The android is almost indestructible and far more powerful than you. It catches your arm and crushes it, before knocking you backwards into the wall. Lose 11 Endurance points. It comes at you again, but you have a moment in which to act. Will you:

Blast it?
Scramble over the wall and run across the fields?
Turn to 244
Turn to 255

237
Somehow you withstand the blast of Yelov's unhinged hatred but Yelov now has a plasma pistol in his hand. The computer's tones are slightly higher pitched as it says, 'Yelov, I told you to exterminate the being. Why do you wait?' You leap over one of the computer's fifteen foot tall memory banks - the powered battlesuitwill make such a leap easily but Yelov is a crack marksman. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 191
If you score 2-5, turn to 214

238
You pick your way through the boulders, keeping low, and make your way slowly towards the loading bay at the back of the mining droid. As you go you pass the burnt out remains of a worker droid; its function may once have been to take rock samplesbut the corrosive gas has completely destroyed it. You watchthe two guardian wardroids scanning the area methodically. The rods of ore piled in the loading bay are Polybdenum ore. If the wardroids collect enough Yelov will be able to send them through time to attack the Space Federation. Will you:
Throw a grenade at one of the wardroids?
Use a grenade to destroy the Polybdenum?
Turn to 263
Turn to 323

239
CAIN replies that the technology possessed by the decadent Danikoi who programmed the self-replicating droids which turned Mechanon into one great factory was at least as advanced as that possessed by a member of the Space Federation in 3033 AD. The fearsome array of space weapons made by these machines is the most deadly arsenal the galaxy has ever seen. This arsenal includes potent nuclear devices, floating fortress platforms and spaceships which are all vast robots. Mechanon is itself heavily defended by Atmospheric Inter- ceptors, intruder detection satellite droids and wardroids with missile or energy weapon strongpoints all over the surface. They are also able to manufacture new droids, weapons, ships etc for any purpose within hours. Turn to 273.

240
You move to the new point on the grid but are caught in the middle of an atomic explosion which obliterates you. The atomic mine has arrived momentarily before you and you have entered a fireball of raw energy.

241
Your twin fusion beams meet at a point just in front of the missile and as it flies through them it explodes. The front scanner screen is filled with jets of orange flame and the ship is rocked by theblast. Subtract1fromyourship'sdefencepoints(Armouror Shields). You fly on. Turn to 351.


242
You duck back inside the mining droid and run back through the length of it and down into the cave at its mouth once more Carborundum guides you back through the miasmal fog to Falcon's Wing. It thinks of you as a mere space traveller and you do nothing to let it realise that you have come from the far future. You tell it that the droids remaining on Thrix will soon be disabled by the corrosive atmosphere, and that if you are successful it and its kind will never be troubled by them again When it realises you are leaving it becomes sad, and its mind touches yours once more. It is hoping that you will meet again one day and it says that it will travel a thousand years to find you if you tell it which star your planet circles. You shake your head, its sadness is infectious, and say that you cannot tell it. Indeed you have to tell it never to try to find out. CAIN radios you to say that the timehole on Thrix is closing and you allow yourself to be sucked up into Falcon's Wing. Turn to 284.

243
Your thumbs depress the fusion beam fire buttons on the joystick but you mis-timed the shot and the twin blasts of energy destroy some worker droids busy in front of the fortress. To your horror, you see the two plasma cannon, pulses of energy running up and down the barrels, opening up, and about to launch three sleek and deadly dart-shaped missiles at you. There is a spitting roar as the plasma shells hurtle towards you. Will you:

Try to destroy the missiles before they can get off the ground with your fusion beams?
Try to evade the plasma shells?
Turn to 338
Turn to 301

244
The bolt of superheated plasma plays across the android and at explodes. The blast knocks you off the wall, lose 3 Endurancepoints. If you are still alive, you regain your senses to the sound of a siren, like that of an Enforcer's jetcopter whining nearby, and two men in navy blue uniforms run towards you from the recreation centre. Still groggy, you jump for the wall and try to scramble over before they catch you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 135
If you score 2-6, turn to 127

245
[score an N]
You walk nonchalantly past the worker droids, bathed in the heat and light of several welding torches and lasers. The sensors which control the space-artillery cannot detect you, as you are masked by the heat and light. The inside of the building stretchesinto the distance, like a giant hovrail tunnel. To your left a much smaller access tunnel, perhaps thirty metres wide, stretches for a hundred metres, towards an illuminated display board. Will you:

Run down the access tunnel?
Continue on down the main tunnel?
Turn to 280
Turn to 256

246
You hurtle onward like a bullet. A missile base on the left wall comesinto view and a thin corridor branches off to the right. Ahead you can see the cavernous hangar and a droid running on rails below you. Suddenly an Atmospheric Interceptor bursts out of the corridor to the right. With a swift blast of your fission beams you destroy it, but the missile base launches a salvo of sleek homing missiles and the plasma cannons ringing the rim of the hangar entrance turn inward and fire simultaneously. Twenty balls of superheated plasma streak towards you. The corridoris filled from top to bottom and all its length with a great sea of boiling plasma as the shells explode, completely vapourising you and your ship. You have failed.

247
As the Count of Flanders raises his sword to strike Sir Thomas Chandos you concentrate your thoughts and hurl a blast of mental energy at the French nobleman. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 267
If you score 2-5, turn to 259

248
CAIN replies that all traces of Polybdenum were mined out of Mechanon for use in wardroids centuries ago. Yelov's machine like yours, carried enough Polybdenum to use the Variac Drive for eight jumps through time and space. If Yelov needs Polybdenum then Thrix is the obvious place to go for it - the planet Thrix has the richest seams of Polybdenum-Iridium ore yet discovered. Turn to 273.

249
The battlesuit picks you up automatically. You are like a doll with a weight at its bottom that cannot be knocked down. but you can do nothing as Yelov steps towards you and uses his blaster to heat the armour of your battlesuit to boiling point You scream in panic and agony as you are roasted to death like a lobster in a pot.

250
In answer to your question, CAIN replies that although the planet Mechanon is rich in minerals and metals spectroscope evidence suggests that there is no Polybdenum to be found there. Will you:

Ask whether Yelov's Time Machine carried a full supply of Polybdenum (if you have not already done so)?
Set coordinates for a trip in time to Mechanon?
Thrix?
Crecy?
Turn to 275
Turn to 233
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

251
You move to the new point on the grid but are caught in the middle of an atomic explosion which obliterates you. The atomic mine has arrived momentarily before you and you have entered a fireball of raw energy.

252
You have been spotted. Two wardroids which were guarding the mining droid suddenly hover towards you at an altitude of fifty feet, training their cannon on you as they come. Will you:

Blast it out with them?
Turn the heat control on your environment suit to freezing and lie low, hoping their sensors are Infra Red?
Turn to 288
Turn to 277

253
Your thumbs depress the fusion fire buttons on the joystick. Twin blasts of energy fly from your wing tips and rake the front of the fortress. Its missile bases go up in a series of devastating explosions and you vapourise one of its plasma cannons. Smoke and flames are everywhere but one of the plasma cannons is still functional and it fires at you as you begin to pull out of your dive. You must take evasive action. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 269
If you score 2-7, turn to 281

254
Your blaster plays against one of the droids and its metal armour begins to glow, but both have locked onto you with their laser cannon and you are cut into seven separate pieces. You have failed.

255
The android crashes right through the wall as if it were paper and its metal limbs hurl it across the grass faster than you can sprint.At least you are some way from the village by now and you can use your blaster without fear of its lightning-like ray being seen. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 265
If you score 2-5, turn to 278

256
Asyou advance down the main tunnel into the cold, green glow of the luminous panels which line the arched roof, you catch sight of an array of worker droids, which seem to be repairing somewardroids. As you watch, two of these whir into life and begin to skim along two large rails - high above - towards you. At the same time the whoosh of an Atmospheric Interceptor causesyou to look up. It is flying towards you from the depths of the tunnel. Will you:
Break left and run down the smaller access tunnel?
Hide in a recess in the side of the tunnel?
Open fire at long range?
Turn to 280
Turn to 370
Turn to 289

257
If you have not landed on Earth in 1986, then turn to 166. If you have, read on. As the yawning mouth of the hangar entrance looms towards you, you slow down to decide how to enter the complex. Suddenly a missile as large as your Strike Fighter flashes out of the dark opening. It is so close you can actually . make out a huge array of electronic sensors at its tip. Will you:
Bank the Strike Fighter and gun it skywards?
Use electronic counter measures? Fire your twin fusion beams at it?

258
Turn to 227 Turn to 268 Turn to 241
The hunter-seeker seems to peel apart and evaporate in the path of your disruptor beam. Yelov crouches low on the raildroid as the interceptor makes another attack run. You fire a rocket at it which blows one of its side planes off and the interceptor spins, out of control, into an energy wall where it explodes. Turn to 272.

259
Your mental effort is not enough to stun the French nobleman; he is strong-willed and phlegmatic of temperament. He may have hesitated for a split second however, and he is too slow to meet the swinging sword of Sir Thomas Chandos. Sparks fly as, with a mighty sweep, he kills the Frenchman in the saddle. Nevers' horse bolts and the dead Count topples and is dragged across the battlefield, his gauntlet tangled in the reins. A chill feeling of fear takes you in case you have changed history, but as you wait and nothing happens you guess that perhaps Chandos killed Louis de Nevers in history. Before you can breathe a sigh of relief you see an English knight in black armour whose shield bears no device but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace to strike Sir Thomas Chandos and it seems to crackle with a blue aura. You cannot detect any thought at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 213
Turn to 226
Turn to 235

260
Yelov ducks but the rocket never reaches him. The exhaust from its engine flares brightly but it slows down and is held motionless in mid air. You stare in awe as it is suddenly thrown as if by a giant invisible hand into an energy field where it explodes harmlessly. The raildroid is evidently equipped with a directional gravity beam of enormous power. When the rocket exploded the air behind Yelov rippled like water. You guess that there is an invisible force field which keeps an atmosphere breathable for Yelov in the tunnel which appears to be open to the stars at its end. Will you:

Fire two rockets at Yelov simultaneously?
Aim your particle disrupter at what you hope is the generator for the invisible force field?
Turn to 232
Turn to 221

261
What question will you ask CAIN?
Did Yelov's Time Machine carry a full supply of Polybdenum?
Does Mechanon have reserves of the Polybdenum which is needed for time travel Machines?
What could be done to change Earth's history at the battle of Crecy?
Could a change in the events of the battle of Crecy affect me?
Turn to 275
Turn to 250
Turn to 290
Turn to 287

262
[score a I]
You explain your best guess as to what Yelov is up to and you do not have to wait long for CAIN to reply. After a pause his chimes make a sound almost like a cough and CAIN says, 'My analysis of Yelov's character is that he prefers always to take the initiative and strike first.' You ponder what CAIN may mean by this but when you ask it only replies that it has nothing further to add at this moment. 'I'm only an electronic brain - I can't be expected to know everything.' Where will you set coordinates for?

A return to the Eiger Vault, 3033 AD?
The factory world of Mechanon, 2217 AD?
The inhospitable world of Thrix, 1776 AD?
Turn to 9
Turn to 47
Turn to 320

263
The grenade which you have hurled lands underneath one of the wardroids but the other one locks onto you with its energy weapon banks and fires an Ion Beam at you. The grenade goes off and the wardroid lurches, one of its hover pads destroyed - it is still functional but immobilised. You dart behind a boulder as the Ion Beam seeks you out. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 345
If you score 2-5, turn to 356

264
You arrive back at the point on the grid which corresponds to the timehole on Mechanon as the flare of nuclear explosion glares red on your face-up display at the other points on the grid. The blast at this point has died away but your Strike Fighter's radiation dampers are being steadily overloaded by the fallout from the atomic mine. You must leave the grid somehow, perhaps you can convince CAIN that you are not in the restricted grid of what to a computer is a 'fixed' universe. You must engage the Variac Drive once more, before the radiation reaches you. What coordinates will you type in this time?

0/ 5/ 5
1/ 0/ 0
-2/ 4/ 1
0/-5/-5
Turn to 310
Turn to 295
Turn to 286
Turn to 279

265
You unleash the energy of your blaster, taking even the superhuman android by surprise. You play the beam across it until it is completely vapourised and then set off across the countryside in search of your Strike Fighter. Turn to 135.

266
You lie low for some time until your translator decodes a binary code radio message. One of the wardroids is reporting to the other robots that wardroid RX-741 is now disfunctional and requesting that one of the wardroids guarding the mouth of the mining droid take up position to replace RX-741 in the loading bay area. It appears the corrosive atmosphere of Thrix is doing some of your work for you. You decide that the moment has come to attack and move forward quickly towards the loading bay, until the single wardroid guard swivels towards you. Will you:

Hurl a grenade?
Use your blaster?
Turn to 312
Turn to 83

267
The Count of Flanders topples from his horse with a great crash, landing on the ground which has been churned to mud. He is not dead but he has no choice but to surrender as he has lost his sword. Will you:

Kill him with your sword?
Spare his life?
Turn to 297
Turn to 283

268
The missile has sophisticated jamming systems and your counter measures have not worked. You have no choice now but to fire your twin fusion beams, before it hits you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 304
If you score 2-5, turn to 293

269
You pull up and roll the Fighter through 90 degrees, lifting your I wing just over the hurtling ball of flaming plasma, then shoot onward like a bullet over the fortress. The plasma shell explodes behind you, filling the corridor with a globe of burning white destruction. Turn to 71.

270
Just as the hunter-seeker reaches you, the jet pack carries you straight upwards. The mine hits the ground just behind the spot where you had been standing and there is a hissing and a great cloudof steam as it buries itself several feet into the rock beneath the steel floor. Yelov crouches low on the raildroid as the interceptor makes another attack run. You fire a rocket at it which blows one of its side planes off and the interceptor spins, out of control, into an energy wall where it explodes. Turn to 272.

271
Your blaster plays against one of the droids and its metal armour begins to glow but both have locked onto you with their laser cannon and you are cut into seven separate pieces. You have failed.

272
You turn your attention to Yelov once again just as he fires his blaster at you. The beam which it emits does not crackle and it is a glassy purple. It has been modified to deliver a higher intensity beam by the wardroids of Mechanon. You use your jetpack to throw yourself out of the path of the beam but not before your battlesuit takes 2 points of damage. The heat is so intense that the suit cannot protect you fully and you suffer serious burns. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive, will you use on Yelov:

Your particle disruptor?
A rocket?
Turn to 249
Turn to 260


273
You realise that before you type in the coordinates for a new destination in time and space you must have formulated a good guess as to what Yelov's plan is. Consider the three possibilities set below and decide which, in your opinion, knowing Yelov as you do, is the most likely.

A: Agidy Yelov is using the wardroids of Mechanon to build an impregnable fortress on the inhospitable planet Thrix where he can make himself safe from the Space Federation who might be happy to leave him there to rot.

B: Agidy Yelov is moving the wardroids of Mechanon to the planet Thrix before they are destroyed by the nuclear catastrophe on Mechanon where he will hide them until he is ready to attack Earth by moving them into the timehole at the Eiger Vault in 3033 AD.

C: Agidy Yelov has already prevented the nuclear catastrophe on Mechanon and is travelling to Thrix in order to collect enough Polybdenum to ship the deadly arsenal of wardroids through time to attack the Federation.

If you believe A is the most likely,
If you believe B is the most likely,
If you believe C is the most likely,
Turn to 262
Turn to 308
Turn to 229

274
The blast of Yelov's unhinged hatred is too much for you and you fall unconscious. You never wake up.

275
CAIN replies that Yelov's Time Machine carried the usual amount of Polybdenum, enough for eight trips through time. If you would like- to enquire whether there is Polybdenum to be found on Mechanon, turn to 250. If you wish to chase Yelov immediately, will you set coordinates for the timehole on:

Mechanon?
Thrix?
Crecy?
Turn to 233
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

276
The missile has breached your ship's defences. The circuits are overloading and she is falling apart. Suddenly the Fighter explodes into a ball of flame and you are destroyed with it.

277
For long anxious moments you wait for the searing pain which will tell you that a laser cannon is ending your existence, but the wardroids roar overhead, creating a whirlpool of dust and mist. Their infra-red sensors, which see only heat, have lost your trace. You return the temperature control of your suit to normal but you had not calculated on the added effect of the naturally low temperature on this freezing planet. You are already suffering severe frostbite. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you decide to crawl to the cover of the boulders.
Turn to 238.

278
With superhuman reactions the android hurdles the beam from your blaster and fires its stun-blaster at you. You throw yourself to the floor hoping to roll up and blast at it once more. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 302
If you score 2-5, turn to 292

279
This time your Strike Fighter warps out into null-space outside The grid. You are free of the sophisticated trap laid for you by the wardroidsof Mechanon. When you type in the coordinates for Mechanon 1986 AD you re-emerge outside the factory planet's dull red atmosphere smoothly and normally. Numerous satellitesare in orbit below you but a moving blip on your radar screendraws your attention. CAIN puts it onto the visual scannersand you see that a large hyper-drive starship is leaving Mechanon. You ask CAIN to compute its likely destination and after a moment it chimes, 'Earth, Falcon, Earth 1986, with a probability of 93%. Proxima Centaurai, probability of 6.3%, and Ceres, probability of 0.39%. Other probabilities exist.' Will you:

Gun your ship to hyper-drive velocity and jump to Earth 1986?
Ignore the starship and head for Mechanon and the Central Computer Complex?
Turn to 359
Turn to 325

280
A large rail twenty metres above the floor runs the length of the Access tunnel and out into the main tunnel. As you move beneath it a massive wardroid which bears a convex shield whirs into sight at the far end travelling along the rail. It accelerates towards you. Will you:

Hug the tunnel wall and stay motionless?
Continue directly beneath the thick rail?
Turn to 7
Turn to 20

281
You pull up and roll the Strike Fighter 90 degrees, presenting as little of it as possible, but you are too slow and it slams into you, filling your forward screens with a great ball of burning plasma The force of the explosion almost shakes the ship apart and you lose control of her for a moment. Incredibly, she withstands the blast itself. Lose 2 Shield or \ Armour point. If y o u r ship defence points have fallen below zero, turn to 90. If not , you streak on over the fortress. Turn to 71.

282
The damage wreaked on your ship's defences has got through at last. There is a massive explosion as you and the Strike Fighter are consumed in a raging ball of flame. You have failed.

283
Nevers, stunned and bewildered, is led behind the English lines Suddenly you see an English knight in black armour whose shield bears no device but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace which seems to crackle with a blue aura ready to strike Sir Thomas Chandos. You cannot detect any thoughts at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the knight?
Attack the knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the knight?
Turn to 414
Turn to 355
Turn to 346

284
The air recycler flushes the air in Falcon's Wing and you climb out of your suit and stretch, checking any hurts you may have. CAIN reminds you that the timehole on Thrix is closing up, and you decide to set coordinates for Mechanon in 1986 AD. Turn to 317.

285
You try to line your right arm up with the hunter-seeker and turn the particle disruptor on. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 258
If you score 2-6, turn to 306

286
Nothing happens. CAIN tells you that the grid exists in only two dimensions, you have tried to move in a third dimension. The radiation level is critical. Which coordinates will you try next?

1/ 0/ 0
0/ 5/ 5
0/-5/-5
Turn to 332
Turn to 321
Turn to 279

287
CAIN is silent for some moments before chiming, There is a correspondence between the names of members of the English nobility who were present at the battle of Crecy and the earliest of your known ancestors, Falcon. Sir Thomas Chandos, whose coat of arms is a silver falcon on a blue background may have been a distant ancestor of yours. I assume you know that a coat ofarmsisthepicturecarriedonaknight'sshieldandsurcoatina battle of those times? If Sir Thomas Chandos is murdered before his time, Falcon, you will never have existed.'
Thank you CAIN,' you reply, 'and CAIN, has it ever crossed your memory banks that even you don't know everything? I have the information I need now.'
'If I may be permitted to add something, sir?' There is an almost wheedling note to the chimes of CAIN's voice synthesiser, rather than the usual slightly haughty tone.
'Now what?' you ask.
'I can compute no sure reason for a visit to Crecy to change history. A disease called the Black Death, a plague which killed between a quarter and a half of the population of Europe followed two years later, in 1348 AD. Its effects may dampen any changes that may be caused in Earth's timeline at this point.'
'Set coordinates for Crecy, 26th August, 1346 AD, CAIN,' you order brusquely. Turn to 322.

288
Your blaster plays against one of the droids and its metal armour begins to glow, but both have locked onto you with their laser cannon and you are cut into seven separate pieces. You have failed.

289
You open fire but miss, and then dash in a zig-zag pattern towards the wardroids. The Atmospheric Interceptor opens fire with a laser strike which misses you, destroying several of the luminous green panels. It screams overhead and out of the tunnel, unable to turn at such speed. You fire again at one of the approaching raildroids, but the convex shield which it carries swings into position and deflects your blast in a flare of light. The second raildroid opens up with an unusual green ray. You t r y to make the cover of a part-dismantled worker droid. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 311
If you score 2-6, turn to 300

290
CAIN responds, 'It is not within the capability of this Strike Fighter to destroy the planet killer. There is only one thing that can be done. You will have to break the First Law of TIME, Falcon. There is a timehole, fifty millenia ago, on Danikos. You must try and change history so that the Danikoi will never build Mechanon. Remember, Falcon, the Danikoi were far more ad- vanced than any other species in the galaxy at that time. You must try to convince them not to allow Earth to be destroyed. You set coordinates for Danikos fifty thousand years ago. Your Strike Fighter has no Autodoc but you have time to dress any wounds you have suffered while you are in the void of null- space. Restore up to 2 points of lost Endurance points and turn to 105.

291
Your thumb presses down on the joystick firing buttons, but you acted too soon and the twin beams disintegrate a set of sensor banks. You have no time to do anything before two plasma shells explode on your front shields with an awful crackling roar. Your ship is engulfed in a great ball of white plasma. The heat is unbearable and you look up in horror to see your front screens filling with three missiles. They slam into the ship, ripping the hull open. You are consumed in a massive explosion. You have failed.

292
The android has turned its blaster to maximum and its beam sears into you. Lose 9 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you roll out of the beam and then unleash the energy of your blaster, taking even the superhuman android by surprise. You play the beam across it until it is completely vapourised and then set off across the countryside in search of your Strike Fighter. Turn to 135.

293
Your fission beams do not find their target until it is already too late. The huge missile completely fills the scanner screen as it hits you head on. There is a sickening lurch and a horrifying explosion but you cannot believe it when, a second later, you are still alive. Evidently the defences of your Weeks/Senior Strike Fighter almost defy belief. There is damage, however. You have lost 4 points from your Energy Shields or 7 points from your Titanium Hull Armour. If your ship's defences are at zero or below, all of the circuits overload, turn to 282. If they are not you accelerate away, the impact has stopped you dead, turn to 351.

294
In the safety of Falcon's Wing you reconsider the situation. The disturbances in the timelines of the two planets, Thrix and Mechanon, are clearly related. As time is pressing and Yelov has bought himself several hours by tying you up here at Crecy you decide to ask for just one more item of information. Will you ask CAIN:

What forces Mechanon could provide if it was saved from destruction?
Whether Mechanon and/or Thrix have the Polybdenum necessary for Yelov to make many time trips?
Turn to 239
Turn to 248

295
Nothing happens. CAIN tells you that the grid exists in only two dimensions, you have tried to move in a third dimension. The radiation level is critical. Which co-ordinates will you try next?

-2/ 4/ 1
0/ 5/ 5
0/-5/-5
Turn to 349
Turn to 321
Turn to 273

296
You had guessed right, but moved too slowly. The interceptor's pulse laser hits you, damaging your battlesuit. Lose3 pointsofSuit Armour, but your body is not harmed. You duck instinctively as the interceptor screams overhead and the sensors on your battlesuit tell you that the small object which Yelov let drop is homing in on you. It is a hunter-seeker mine. Will you fire:

Your particle disruptor at the hunter-seeker?
A rocket at the interceptor before it returns to fire on you again?
Wait for the hunter-seeker to draw close, then use your jetpack to rise up above it?
Turn to 285
Turn to 329
Turn to 270

297
You insert the tip of your sword into the gap where the Count's helm meets his breastplate and drive it home. His windpipe is severed and he dies frothing blood inside the darkness of his helmet. One of the English knights curses you for a fool, saying that you could have held him for ransom. Suddenly, you see an English knight in black armour whose shield bears no device but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace to strike Sir Thomas Chandos and it seems to crackle with a blue aura. You cannot detect any thought at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 213
Turn to 226
Turn to 235

298
There wasn't enough time for your electronic counter measures to take effect and all three of the missiles cannon into the underside of the Strike Fighter, exploding simultaneously. Lose3 Energy Shield points or 5 Hull Armour points. If your ship defences have fallen below zero, turn to 276. If you have survived, the ship is rocked upward with the force of the explosion, but the gyros right it and you hurtle on, past the fortress, lucky to be alive. Turn to 71.

299
CAIN reports that a French victory at the battle of Crecy might have ended the Hundred Years War before it had begun but that he is unable to compute the likely effects of such a change in Earth's timeline. The battle is about to begin in the Crecy timehole. Will you:

Set off for Crecy immediately?
Ask whether a change in the events of the battle of Crecy would affect you?
Turn to 322
Turn to 313

300
The green ray expands as it stabs towards you and you are caught. The particles of your body coat the walls of the tunnel for fifty metres around in a thin film. You have fallen victim to a high intensity particle disruptor.

301
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 327
If you score 2-6, turn to 316

302
You roll and then unleash the energy of your blaster, taking even the superhuman android by surprise. You play the beam across it until it is completely vapourised and then set off across the countryside in search of your Strike Fighter. Turn to 135.

303
The faceplate of your helmet darkens automatically as the fluid reacts with the crystals to compensate for the glare of your exploding grenade which landed right next to the Polybdenum. The rods of ore are destroyed but one of the wardroids has locked onto you and it reacts with the speed that only a robot boasts. A pulse of energy leaves its weapon bank and you are hurled backwards. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your suit repairs itself before the acid atmosphere of Thrix can enter. As quick as thought, you send another grenade hurtling towards the droid. Turn to 263.

304
Your fusion beams set the missile off but it explodes too close to you for comfort. The forward scanner screen is filled with rolling jets of flame and the ship rocks, its gyros whining. Your ship's defences have lost another 2 points (Armour or Shields). If they are at zero or below, turn to 282. If they are not you fly on. Turn to 351.

305
At last you knock his sword aside and cleave the air with a mighty cut that embeds your sword in his side. He tumbles from his horse, snapping his neck as he hits the ground just as the sword of Sir Thomas Chandos whistles through the air where he would have been but for your blow. A chill feeling of fear takes you in case you have changed history but as you wait and nothing happens you guess that perhaps Chandos killed Louis de Nevers in history. Before you can breathe you see an English knight in black armour whose shield bears no device but is as black as sable. He is raising his mace to strike Sir Thomas Chandos and it seems to crackle with a blue aura. You cannot detect any thought at all inside the great black helm. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the Black Knight?
Attack the Black Knight with your sword?
Use your blaster on the Black Knight?
Turn to 414
Turn to 319
Turn to 334

306
Your aim is off and the hunter-seeker flashes behind you and clamps itself onto the back of your battlesuit. Warning lights flash as the suit's sensors tell you that the hunter-seeker is an armour piercing device. A controlled explosion forces a core of molten metal through the suit and you explode inside it when it drills into your body. The last sound you hear is Yelov's vengeful howl of joy.

307
Your will to live pulls you through the terrible battle with the maniac will of Yelov. Sweating with the effort inside your battlesuit, you manage to throw off his attempt to take control of your mind but his mind is as quick as his reflexes and before you can attack him he hurls a blast of mental energy at you. You use your Power of Will to overcome his Thinkstrike which threatens to reduce you to a grovelling animal. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 237
If you score 2-5, turn to 274

308
[score an L]
You explain your best guess as to what Yelov is up to and you do not have to wait long for CAIN to reply. 'The last disturbance registered by the monitoring beacon in the Mechanon timehole occurred after the date and time at which Mechanon historically suffered the nuclear catastrophe. The beacon should have been destroyed by now but it is still live, according to Agent Chameleon. If we assume that Yelov has saved Mechanon he must have a different reason for visiting the planet Thrix.' Where will you set coordinates for?

A return to the Eiger Vault, 3033 AD?
The factory world of Mechanon?
The inhospitable world of Thrix, 1776 AD?
Turn to 9
Turn to 47
Turn to 320

309
Your powered battlesuit allows you to leap high into the air and the flash of a laser pulse beneath you tells you your guess was correct. You duck instinctively as the interceptor screams overhead and the sensors on your battlesuit tell you that the small object which Yelov let drop is homing in on you. It is a hunter-seeker mine. Will you:

Fire your particle disruptor at the hunter-seeker?
Fire a rocket at the interceptor before it returns to fire On you again?
Wait for the hunter-seeker to draw close, then use your jetpack to rise up above it?
Turn to 285
Turn to 329
Turn to 270

310
Nothing happens. CAIN advises you that you can only move to a point on the grid which corresponds to a timehole. The radiation level is critical. Which coordinates will you try next?

-2 / 4 / 1
1/ 0/ 0
0/-5/-5
Turn to 349
Turn to 332
Turn to 279

311
The green ray expands as it stabs towards you and you have to crouch low to avoid its sweep across the machinery of the broken droid. A light film of metal covers you as the droid is eaten away. The raildroids have high intensity particle disruptors. Will you:

Dodge out and open fire once more?
Run into the smaller access tunnel?
Turn to 347
Turn to 280

312
You stand and hurl your grenade which arcs through the gaseous mist towards the wardroid and then pull your blaster. The electronic circuitry of the droid reacts faster than thought and a pulse of energy from its weapon banks picks you up and hurls you bodily against a rock outcropping. The plasnet of your suit repairs itself automatically but the blast and the acid gas of Thrix's atmosphere which seeped into your suit have reducedyour Endurance by 10 points. If you are still alive, the contaminated wounds will heal poorly - subtract 1 from your maximum Endurance points forever. Your grenade explodes, destroying the hover pads of the wardroid which falls to the rocky ground, immobilised. In a split second you have recovered and unleashed a lancing bolt of white-hot energy which hits its power plant and the flash defence on your helmet automatically cuts in and the faceplate darkens as the lurid explosion lights the yellow atmosphere, hurling debris everywhere. You have destroyed the wardroid that guards the loading bay but other robots may be on their way to intercept you. A rack of Polybdenum rods stands in the bay at the back of the cavernous armadillo-like mining droid. You seize your chance to destroy it. Turn to 141.

313
CAIN is silent for some moments before chiming, 'There is a correspondence between the names of members of the English nobility who were present at the battle of Crecy and the earliest of your known ancestors, Falcon. Sir Thomas Chandos, whose coat of arms is a silver falcon on a blue background, may have been a distant ancestor of yours. I assume you know that a coat of arms is the picture carried on a knight's shield and surcoat in a battle of those times? If Sir Thomas Chandos is murdered before his time, Falcon, you will never have existed.'
Thank you CAIN/ you reply, 'and CAIN, has it ever crossed your memory banks that even you don't know everything? I have the information I need now. Set coordinates for Crecy, 26th August, 1346 AD,' you order. Turn to 322.

314
The policemen have had only a little training in unarmed combat and you manage to stun them and escape across the fields, setting out towards your Strike Fighter. Turn to 135.

315
The lasers rake across its nose, destroying the sensitive equipment that the missile carried, but it does not explode. You try electronic counter measures as it closes in on you and it suddenly falls out of the sky. You turn and dive to watch as it screams into a fuel refinery. The explosion flattens factories for a mile around, the shock wave throws you across the sky and a pillar of flame, smoking blackly, reaches far into the atmosphere above you. You fly back towards the gaping maw of the hangar. Turn to 351.

316
You slam the Fighter into a dive but a plasma shell smashes into the hull, rocking the ship with an awful blast of exploding plasma. Lose 2 Deflector Shield points or 1 Armour point. If your ship defence score is below zero, turn to 90. If you survive, the gyros stabilise the ship and you hurtle downward as the second plasma shell passes overhead and explodes in the tunnel behind you filling it with burning white plasma. You pull up, hugging the ground. The fortress lies directly ahead and three sleek and deadly dart-shaped missiles fly from one of its bases, launch up behind, and dive in unison towards you. Instinctively you fire fission beams which lance out across the surface and into the fortress, destroying its plasma turrets. You gun the ship into a steep climb as the missiles streak in your direction, filling your forward screen. Desperately you engage the electronic counter measures. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 362
If you score 2-6, turn to 352

317
As you have just spent an hour of your life in null-space you may restore up to 12 points of lost Endurance points through the use of your Autodoc. You rematerialise on Mechanon at the same instant that you left Thrix in real time, but as your camera surveys the horizon there is no sign of Yelov or his newly manufactured Time Machine. Mechanon is a gleaming orb of polished metals Robo-factories stretch as far as the eye can see, covering every inch of the planet's surface, almost without light in the sombre red of Mechanon's sky. You have landed on the sloping roof of a refinery and a motionless mining droid overshadows Falcon's Wing. At three mile intervals around you are what must be planetary defence points: bronze domes bristling with some sort of surface-to-space artillery. Between two of these bases is the yawning entrance of a building which is clearly more than a factory. As the camera zooms in, a large flying droid disappears into it, trailing a greenish line of vapour. Your scanners indicate that nothing lives on this dead world, not even grass, but it is alive with bizarrely-shaped droids which fly and scuttle across its face like insects. The sky is laced with power-lines which stretch from pylons atop the factories, and on the towering peak of one of these a radar dish is sweeping in a slow arc towards Falcon's Wing. CAIN tells you Mechanon's atmosphere is harmful to human life and you decide to get into your environment suit again. It also used the molecular converter to create a Universal Interface, saying: 'Insert the Interface into any Central Computer Communications access point and it will extract as much information as it can from Mechanon's Central Computer memory banks about the wardroid's plans, Falcon Good luck!' Will you:

Prepare your Flyer?
Leap onto the access disc and leave Falcon's Wing immediately?
Check the functions of your environment suit carefully before stepping onto the access disc?
Turn to 342
Turn to 328
Turn to 353

318
The metal flooring screeches as you twist and tear it, your power suit whining in protest at the stress. But Yelov recover before you are free and he has his plasma pistol which he uses to demolish your helmet. You are blinded and cannot see Yelov sneer evilly as he disintegrates your head.

319
Before the crackling mace can land you swirl your sword and hack at the arm that wields it. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 24
If you score 2-6, turn to 12

320
The transition into null-space and back again is smooth - too smooth! You miss the slight jar that usually shakes Falcon's Wing as the hydraulic legs adjust to the ground above which you rematerialise. The camera shows a thin mist, then you sit up and stare as a ghostly shape floats upwards past you. It looks like a series of metal girders riveted together with a crude rocket engine welded on at the back. The girders are braced by metal struts atop which a large crystal or faceted boulder rests. Your stomach leaps into your throat - the crude spaceship with its open-to-the-stars construction is not climbing, you are falling through the dense Thrixian atmosphere and you have just seen a Thrixian starship. Your altimeter shows 460 metres and you are gaining speed or accelerating at 10 metres per second from the stationary position in which you were held as you emerged from null-space. You have no retro-rockets - the only way to stop Falcon's Wing plummeting to destruction is to engage the Variac Drive and throw your Time Machine back into null-space and then back into Thrix, 1776 AD. If you get the timing exactly right, you may be able to wink out and return only inches above the surface. When will you instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive?

At one second intervals until you reach the surface?
After 9 seconds of free fall?
After 21 seconds of free fall?
Turn to 339
Turn to 348
Turn to 330

321
Nothing happens. CAIN advises you that you can only move to a point on the grid which corresponds to a timehole. The radiation dampers overload and you suffer severe radiation poisoning. Even if you find a way out of the grid, you will die within minutes. The sophisticated trap set up by the wardroids of Mechanon has caught you in its deadly jaws.

322
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational coordinates for the timehole at Crecy, France, 1346 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and using your Psychic Awareness locate the timehole at Crecy. When you have translated this location into coordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish, and gain up to 12 Endurance points. Turn to 6.

323
Reaching behind you, you take one of your plasma grenades and hurl it towards the racks of Polybdenum ore. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 303
If you score 2-5, turn to 333

324
With uncanny accuracy you thrust the sword through the open visor into the droid's computer brain. It folds up and then locks solid, its circuits dead. Looking around you realise that no-one has noticed that there is anything unusual about the droid knight and you drag it away, thankful that it is made of light alloys. As soon as you are away from the press of battle you take out your blaster and vapourise it. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score a 1-3, turn to 61
If you score a 4-6, turn to 154

325
Nearest you, on the radar, is what can only be a weather control satellite - it has seeding pods and chemical condenser beams to generate clouds and rainfall. CAIN tells you that Mechanon, before the arrival of the Danikoi, was ravaged by terrible ion storms and hurricane-force winds. But the weather control satellites prevent these.
As you approach the weather satellite CAIN chimes again: 'Look at the radar. Falcon.' There is an intruder detection satellite beyond the weather controller. It has already detected the Strike Fighter's ion drive and beamed a message to the Central Computer on Mechanon. Your twin fission tubes are ready to fire. Will you turn them against:

The intruder detection satellite?
The weather control satellite?
Turn to 336
Turn to 344

326
Your lasers miss time and again. It is difficult to target them in reverse - left is right as you look at the rear scanner. You try electronic counter measures, but nothing happens. You give up and try desperately to throw it off your tail by weaving across the red sky in sickening lurches. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 337
If you score 2-5, turn to 224

327
You slam the Fighter into a dive and hurtle towards the ground. The plasma shells pass overhead and explode, with a crackling roar that sounds like thunder, filling the area behind you with burning white plasma. You pull up, hugging the ground. The fortress lies directly ahead and three sleek and deadly dart- shaped missiles fly from one of its bases, launch up behind, and dive in unison towards you. Instinctively you fire fission beams which lance out across the surface and into the fortress, destroying its plasma turrets. You gun the ship into a steep climb as the missiles streak in your direction, filling your forward screen. Desperately you engage the electronic counter measures. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 362
If you score 2-6, turn to 352

328
As you descend from Falcon's Wing the radar beacon sweeps towards you. Will you:

Run towards the building which the droid flew into?
Fire your blaster at the beacon?
Turn to 5
Turn to 418

329
Your rocket hits the interceptor which explodes with a roar and a clang as half of it cannons into the side of the tunnel. The hunter-seeker fixes itself onto the back of your battlesuit. Warning lights flash as the suit's sensors tell you that the hunter-seeker is an armour piercing device. A controlled explosion forces a core of molten metal through the suit and you explode inside it when it drills into your body. The last sound you hear is Yelov's vengeful howl of joy.

330
Ten seconds after you emerge into the Thrixian atmosphere Falcon's Wing impacts on the rocky surface of Thrix. It is destroyed utterly and the shock is too much for your frail human body. The acid atmosphere of Thrix scalds your panting lungs and you die. You have failed.

331
You make it to the access tunnel and although this one has a rail it is not connected to those on which the raildroids which attacked you are resting. The scream of the Atmospheric Interceptor which has turned outside the complex and has now returned, almost deafens you, but it cannot turn into this narrow tunnel. Turn to 280.

332
Nothing happens. CAIN tells you that the grid exists in only two dimensions, you have tried to move in a third dimension. The radiation dampers overload and you suffer severe radiation poisoning. Even if you find a way out of the grid, you will die within minutes. The sophisticated trap set up by the wardroids of Mechanon has caught you in its deadly jaws.

333
You choose a high arcing trajectory for the throw of your grenade but one of the wardroids, reacting with superhuman speed, shoots up and smashes into the grenade in mid air, causing it to explode before it hits the Polybdenum. The wardroid is immobilised, its gyros gone, and it crashes to the ground, though it is still functional. The other wardroid has locked onto you, however, and it fires at you with a pulse of energy from one of its weapon banks that catches you in the thigh. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your suit has begun to repair itself in time to prevent any of the atmosphere entering and you leap for cover. Turn to 345.

334
Before the crackling mace can land you whip your blaster from its place of concealment with the speed and skill of a crack combateer. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 3
If you score 2-6, turn to 417

335
CAIN selects a simple coat of arms for you, a red chevron on a white background and prepares a sword, shield and armour in the molecular converter. You glide to the ground, looking for all the world like an English man-at-arms, and an atmosphere of tense expectancy hits you. As you step away from Falcon's Wing, around which the hologram of a group of trees is projected, battle is about to be joined. The Genoese cross- bowmen are charging towards the Black Prince and his knights. You clank down the slope and take up a position in the rear rank, sword at the ready. The Genoese halt suddenly and let loose a volley of crossbow bolts - the thud of one hitting your shield with great force shocks you as you realise that you could die at any moment. A few of the English fall under the hail of flying steel but the English longbowmen let loose a volley. The sky is blackened by a great mass of arrows and they fall upon the Genoese in a withering cloud. The Genoese mercenaries must rewind their crossbows before they can fire again, whereas the English archers, tall, deep-chested men, can fire an arrow with deadly precision every six or eight seconds. The Genoese veterans have never faced such a rain of death and they panic and flee within moments. The French knights are so incensed at this that they ride down their own men in their frenzied charge. All nobles, they treat the Genoese mercenary soldiers with contempt. The charging knights are about to attack your position. Will you:
Move back to the relative safety of the King's position?
Stay in the forefront where the battle may be decided?
Turn to 389
Turn to 397

336
The twin fission beams meet and play across the surface of the intruder detection satellite and an opaque sphere of violet light surrounds it. It is a defence shield and although you play the beams across it for as long as you can, it still holds. CAIN alerts you to three guided missiles which the satellite is causing to home in on you from the dull red surface of Mechanon. They are too close for you to use electronic counter measures so you turn away from them and try to pick them off with your aft point laser, as CAIN switches to rear scanner. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 2-5, turn to 400
If you score 6-8, turn to 413
If you score 9-12, turn to 388

337
You lead the huge missile in a series of daring manoeuvres down towards a huge metal building with row after row of stunted black glasteel chimneys. You pull up at the last minute, but the missile responds too late. You turn to watch as it screams into a fuel refinery. The explosion flattens factories for a mile around, the shock wave throws you across the sky and a pillar of flame, smoking blackly, reaches far into the atmosphere above you. You fly back towards the gaping maw of the hangar. Turn to 351.

338
You try to line up the missile launcher in your forward screen sights. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 373
If you score 2-5, turn to 291

339
Falcon's Wing runs out of the Polybdenum it needs to power the Variac Drive before you can reach the surface and you plummet to destruction on the rocky surface of Thrix. You have failed.

340
You come to an enormous blue wall of pulsing energy, completely blocking off the corridor - an energy zone field. Below it is a droid generator, a huge metal block draped with power cables. It is lined from left to right with a row of projectors connected to receptors around the walls and roof of the corridor by wide bands of crackling blue energy, the force field. You are approaching it rapidly, your only chance is to decelerate and destroy the generator. Will you:

Use your fission beams?
Launch a missile, if you have any left?
Turn to 357
Turn to 367

341
The Disputer turns from you and confers with the others. Some are saying that it will cost them nothing to make a law against the building of a factory planet. Another says that if they are not concerned with the future it doesn't matter if they do anyway This amuses them and they turn to you and say that you can have your wish. A law is typed into the computer as you watch You know that their society can only exist without enforcement and weapons because they never break their laws. You have done all you can and you decide to leave before they think to steal the secret of time travel by examining your Strike Fighter. Turn to 376.

342
Your crash-couch slides back into position and the Flyer cockpit seals. CAIN tells you that the radar beacon has detected Falcon's Wing and is relaying a message to a point beyond the range of the Time Machine's scanners. Will you:

Press the button which will Catapult you out of Falcon's Wing?
Get out of the Flyer and try to destroy the radar beacon?
Turn to 85
Turn to 377

343
You have lost the battle of minds with your arch-enemy, Agidy Yelov. As you slump helplessly, your eyes vacant like a moron, Yelov decides to have some fun for his amusement. He orders you to dance and you caper clumsily in your battlesuit, knocking into the computer's memory banks and finally falling, exhausted, to the floor. Turn to 249.

344
[score an A]
The twin fission beams meet at the point where the weather satellite tumbles gently through space and trigger a chain reaction which sunders the satellite, leaving nothing but the clear emptiness of space behind. The intruder detection satellite has homed in on you and it is guiding three surface-to-space missiles which streak towards you from the dull red world of Mechanon. You decide to use electronic counter measures, hoping to detonate the missiles before they meet you. This calls for precise judgement as you try to calculate their speed and course. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 11
If you score 2-5, turn to 365

345
You scramble behind the cover of a rock outcropping, but the powerful weaponry of the wardroids tracking you vapourises the rock and you are exposed. Will you:

Kneel and take careful aim at one of the wardroids?
Shoot on the run?
Turn to 368
Turn to 382



346
Before the crackling mace can land you whip your blaster from its place of concealment with the speed and skill of a crack combateer. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 381
If you score 2-6, turn to 369

347
As you dodge out to fire again at the raildroids as they accelerate towards you, the scream of the Atmospheric Interceptor fills the air. It has turned outside the complex and dived back in behind you. As you spin to face it a missile hits you full on the chest. The explosion shakes the whole complex, but the impact alone would have killed you. You have failed.

348
You have timed your fall perfectly. Falcon's Wing settles onto the rocky surface of Thrix with a crunch and a whine from its hydraulic legs. CAIN warns you that the soupy yellow atmosphere of Thrix is highly corrosive and you put on your environment suit. Whilst you are doing so, CAIN gives you some valuable information on the planet and its inhabitants. The flying girders which you passed in the atmosphere were a primitive form of starship powered by chemical rockets like those used on Earth in the 21st and 22nd centuries. The ships are slow but the pilot, a Thrix, has a lifespan of several millenia and being composed almost entirely of glass-like silica can exist in deep space. The rock-like Thrix are telepathic and can move objects by thought alone. They are dormant at deep space temperatures but regain the capacity for thought whenever their ship nears a sun. Less than two thousand remain on their home world - the reason for their decline is not known. Very little is known about their attitude to aliens in 3033 AD, let alone this time. They are not members of the Federation (they will not become members, that is). 'There is one other thing, Falcon - this timehole is deteriorating rapidly and will soon cease to exist. I estimate anything between one and six hours remaining before it fades away. Take care not to get trapped here!' You thank CAIN. The camera shows ghostly outcroppings of jagged rock, swimming in soupy gases. You leave Falcon's Wing - without preparing a disguise (CAIN does not have the relevant information stored in his memory banks in any case) and set out to explore. Before you have gone twenty metres you see a shiny black boulder, faceted like a diamond, but three metres tall. It is a Thrix. Will you:

Ignore it and walk on?
Run and hide in a shallow trench nearby?
Try to communicate with it?
Turn to 383
Turn to 372
Turn to 360

349
Nothing happens. CAIN tells you that the grid exist in only two dimensions, you have tried to move in a third dimension. The radiation dampers overload and you suffer severe radiation poisoning. Even if you find a way out of the grid, you will die within minutes. The sophisticated trap set up by the wardroids of Mechanon has caught you in its deadly jaws.

350
CAIN selects a simple coat of arms for you, a red chevron on a white background, and prepares a sword, shield and armour in the molecular convertor. You glide to the ground, looking for all the world like an English man-at-arms, and an atmosphere of tense expectancy hits you. As you step away from Falcon's Wing, around which the hologram of a group of trees is projected, battle is about to be joined. The Genoese cross- bowmen are charging towards the Black Prince and his knights. You clank down the slope and take up a position in the rear rank, behind the King, sword at the ready. His advisers are asking him whether they should send help to his young son but he replies, 'Let the boy win his spurs.' The Genoese halt suddenly and let loose a volley of crossbow bolts - the thud of one hitting your shield with great force shocks you as you realise that you could die at any moment. A few of the English fall under the hail of flying steel, but the English longbowmen let loose a volley. The sky is blackened by a great mass of arrows and they fall upon the Genoese in a withering cloud. The Genoese mercenaries must rewind their crossbows before they can fire again, whereas the English archers, tall, deep-chested men, can fire an arrow with deadly precision every six or eight seconds. The Genoese veterans have never faced such a rain of death and they panic and flee within moments. The French knights are so incensed at this that they ride down their own men in their frenzied charge.
All nobles, they treat the Genoese mercenary soldiers with contempt. The charging knights are about to attack the Black Prince's position. Will you:

Stay in relative safety near the King?
Move towards the Black Prince where the battle may be decided?
Turn to 389
Turn to 397

351
You surge forward towards the Central Computer Complex and the cavernous mouth of the hangar lined with space- artillery. A huge cavernous tunnel stretches away beyond the hangar mouth and a motley assortment of droids are being repaired at intervals along it. Three rails run the length of it, some distance from the floor. A huge access portal opens briefly and an Atmospheric Interceptor zooms out of it towards you. If you have the Main Access Code, you may turn to the paragraph number given for it. If you would like to fly on down through the immense arcing span of this tunnel, turn to 375. If you would like to blast a way through the Main Access portal, turn to 219, Or you could dive sharp left above the smaller tunnel which you walked down on your first visit to Mechanon and blast through the vaulted roof at the point where Bloodhound and Lynx rescued you. Turn to 366.

352
There wasn't enough time for your electronic counter measures to take effect completely and only one of the missiles detonates prematurely as the electronic jamming signals envelop it. The other two missiles cannon into the underside of the Strike Fighter, exploding simultaneously. Lose 2 Energy Shield points or 3 HullArmourpoints.Ifyourship'sdefenceshavefallenbelowzero, turn to 276. If you have survived, the ship is rocked upwards with the force of the explosion, but the gyros right it and you hurtle on, past the fortress, lucky to be alive. Turn to 71.

353
As you step onto the disc CAIN tells you that the radar beacon has detected Falcon's Wing and is relaying a message beyond the range of the Time Machine's scanners. Will you:

Leave Falcon's Wing and run towards the large building into which a droid flew?
Change your mind and get into your Flyer?
Turn to 398
Turn to 377

354
You are still not familiar with the Strike Fighter's beam laser controls and you have failed to stop the missiles. They both home in and detonate. The ship rocks and the gyros whir as it rights itself. Your hull armour or shields have saved you from certain destruction, but your ship has taken damage. Subtract 2 from your Zeiss Shield energy if you are equipped with energy shields, or 4 Hull Armour paints if your ship carries Titanium Hull Armour. Turn to 34.

355
[score an M]
Before the crackling mace can land you swirl your sword and hack at the arm that wields it. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 401
If you score 2-6, turn to 391

356
The Ion Beam catches you before you reach safety, ripping open your environment suit as it hurls you backwards. The plasnet in your suit repairs itself but your wound has been made worse by the corrosive gas of the Thrixian atmosphere which has seeped in and burned you. Lose JO Endurance points. The wounds will heal badly - subtract one from your maximum Endurance points forever. If you are still alive, you roll aside and prepare to blast. Will you:

Kneel and take careful aim?
Shoot on the run?
Turn to 368
Turn to 382

357
The twin fusion beams leap to their target but fail to reach it. A deflector shield glows red and then purple around the generator, absorbing the power of the beam. The force field still stands. Will you:

Accelerate and try to break through the force wall and hope your shield or armour can withstand it?
Launch a missile if you have one left?
Fire a continuous blast of your fusion beam in an attempt to overload it?
Turn to 378
Turn to 367
Turn to 390

358
You make a desperate grab for the box as you fall past it. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 4-6, turn to 394
If you score 1-3, turn to 385

359
Your ship out-accelerates the Mechanon starship and you match speed with it a fraction before reaching hyper-space velocity. You make the fine adjustments which will point you towards Earth and set the jump for a length of 9.36754 parsecs. You go into hyper-space together and the stars form a tunnel around you. Ahead the stars which shoot towards you are neon blue, at the sides they are long streaks of white and yellow, and as you crane your head backwards you can see that you are leaving behind stars which glow redly, at a breathtaking rate. Both ships leave hyper-space near the moon. You are four thousand miles behind and below the Mechanon starship. It is not responding to your presence, your radar dampers must be effective, if the droidship is scanning. You arm your missiles, ready to attack if the starship threatens Earth, but to your surprise, it merely discharges a small re-entry capsule, from its belly. The ship turns and accelerates, once more, apparently returning to Mechanon. Will you:

Turn and follow it?
Follow the re-entry capsule down?
Turn to 386
Turn to 371

360
You speak into your helmet mike and a stream of clicks is synthesised by your translator. A part of the alien's mind reaches out to touch yours and you realise that it fears that you are a killer - it wants urgently to find out whether this is true. Will you:

Use your translator again and tell it a harmless joke?
Try to control the alien using your Power of Will?
Risk putting your mind into full contact with the alien using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 405
Turn to 419
Turn to 2

361
The computer's tones are calm once more as it says, 'You must leave now, intruder.' Ignoring it, you look around for what may be the computer's core. It is difficult to tell one part of the enormous electronic brain from another so you decide to use your particle disruptor on all of it. As its memory banks are destroyed one by one the computer threatens you that the whole planet will explode, killing you, if you continue. As your beam of destruction creeps towards a large steel pyramid the computer's tone changes to a wheedling whine. 'Cease immediately, intruder, or I shall launch the planet killer at Earth.' Still ignoring it, you play your beam across the pyramid which seems to melt away to nothing as if by magic. Suddenly everything goes haywire. Lights flash everywhere and then dim as the main generators shut down. You manage to find your way back out of the tunnel in the darkness by the searchlight of your battlesuit helmet and climb into your Strike Fighter once more. The sound of distant explosions rocks the tunnel as you climb into your crash-couch. To your relief the ion drives are operational again now that they have cooled down, and you gun the fighter through the blackness of the tunnel, aiming for the white pin pricks of the stars of Mechanon's night sky at its end. There is a blinding flash and the tunnel is filled with light as another immense explosion rocks the complex, and the walls begin to cave in on you. You make it to the end of the tunnel just in time and hurtle skyward. Turn to 411.

362
A field of electronic jamming signals envelops the three missiles causing them to detonate prematurely, filling your screen with smoke and flame. You race on through the fireball and over the fortress. Turn to 71.

363
You contact CAIN using your battlesuit access terminal (BAT) and it is able to help you. It is fashionable at this period of the history of the Danikoi for eminent Danikoi to prophesy what will happen 500 years after they die. One such prophecy is due to be read in a month's time. CAIN is able to tell you exactly what it will say. You ask the decision makers to read the prophecy now instead of waiting the last few days. They consult a computer terminal and order the prophecy to be read. It causes a great hum of laughter but it is exactly as you predicted and they believe you are a traveller in time. The Disputer now says, 'I believe your story, but the events of fifty millenia in the future have no meaning for we who must eat, laugh and love in the short span of our own lives. Why should we care about the future?' There is a chorused hum of agreement amongst the Danikoi. Will you say:

That Earth will become the head and protector of a Federation of planets, one of which is Danikos, for the time will come when you can no longer protect yourselves?
That the future is important: 'Surely you want your children to live happy lives - what of their children, and their children's children? Surely you would not condemn an entire generation of your people to untimely death?'
Turn to 374
Turn to 408

364
CAIN selects a simple coat of arms for you, a red chevron on a white background, and prepares a sword, shield and armour in the molecular converter. You glide to the ground, looking for all the world like an English man-at-arms, and an atmosphere of tense expectancy hits you. As you step away from Falcon's Wing, around which the hologram of a group of trees is projected, battle is about to be joined. The Genoese cross- bowmen are charging towards the Black Prince and his knights. You clank down the slope and take up a position in the rear rank, behind the men-at-arms commanded by the Earl of Northamp- ton. Chandos has his sword at the ready. The Genoese halt suddenly and let loose a volley of crossbow bolts - the thud of one hitting your shield with great force shocks you as you realise that you could die at any moment. A few of the English fall under the hail of flying steel, but the English longbowmen let loose a volley. The sky is blackened by a great mass of arrows and they fall upon the Genoese in a withering cloud. The Genoese mercenaries must rewind their crossbows before they can fire again whereas the English archers, tall, deep-chested men, can fire an arrow with deadly precision every six or eight seconds. The Genoese veterans have never faced such a rain of death and they panic and flee within moments. The French knights are so incensed at this that they ride down their own men in their frenzied charge. All nobles, they treat the Genoese mercenary soldiers with contempt. The charging knights are about to attack your position. Will you:

Remain where you are?
Move to the relative safety of the King's position, in reserve?
Move towards the Black Prince where the battle may be decided?
Turn to 410
Turn to 389
Turn to 397

365
An orange flare flickers on your screen, then dies away to nothing. You have caused one of the missiles to pre-detonate before it reached you but the other two are still homing in. You switch on your aft beam lasers, hoping to slice them apart before they hit you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 380
If you score 5-7, turn to 22
If you score 2-4, turn to 354

366
Your fusion beams blast a hole in the roof of the communica- tions vault and you dive through and into a tunnel about which several inactive worker droids are strewn. An Atmospheric Interceptor screams after you, but you take care of it with your aft lasers. You hurtle out of the tunnel into a far larger one and, banking left, you see the droid repair shops and a missile base. The base tracks you and a missile streaks from it towards you. The rocket's drive flares brightly in the luminescent green glow of the tunnel. Will you use:
Electronic counter measures against it?
Your twin fusion beams on it and the base?
Turn to 384
Turn to 396

367
The Battle computer locks onto its target and your finger stabs out to the button that launches the fission warhead. It streaks away from you and hammers into the generator with a great roar. The generator is engulfed in flame, however it is not destroyed. A deflector screen glows red, purple and then black around the generator as it tries to withstand the force of the fission warhead. As the explosion dissipates the generator overloads and the force field flickers and disappears. Im- mediately, you use your booster thrusts to fire your Strike Fighter through the gap before the generator begins function- ing again. Turn to 406.

368
Before you can fire, one of the wardroids fires four shells from a mortar-cluster housing. They pepper the ground all around and explode, tumbling you through the air and tearing a hole in your environment suit. The suit's plasnet repairs itself but some of the acid atmosphere of Thrix is trapped inside and it reaches your lungs before your suit flushes it out. Lose 12 Endurancepoints. If you are still alive, the wounds will heal badly. Subtract 1 from your maximum Endurance forever. You pick yourself up again and decide to shoot on the run this time. Turn to 382.

369
You draw and aim your blaster in a flash, but the superhuman reactions of the Black Knight are even faster and he ducks the sizzling beam of superheated plasma. The visor on his great black helm clicks open and a beam of red light lances towards you. You can only try desperately to throw yourself aside. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 99
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

370
As you step into the recess a circular flap in the floor gives way beneath and you slide gently down an angled chute, like a large drainpipe. You begin to gain speed as you notice a bar protruding into the chute below you. Will you:

Try to grab the bar to stop your descent?
Make sure you avoid it?
Turn to 358
Turn to 385

371
As you follow the capsule down, the flare of its re-entry licks towards you like a rocket exhaust and you use your retros to control your speed of descent. The capsule is too low and too near to a large city for you to risk attacking. It too has radar damping and you are forced to track it visually, cursing quietly as it leads you within five miles of a large 20th century airliner. Perhaps you look like a shooting star to its passengers. Hoping you have escaped notice you follow the capsule into the night side of Earth as its parachute opens, and set the Strike Fighter down in a field. You climb hastily out of your battlesuit and curse once more as you remember the Weeks/Senior Corpora- tion have not yet had time to install a hologram projector or molecular convertor. You ask CAIN's advice and he tells you that you are in Devon, a county in the democratic country of England, and that you might escape serious notice if you pretend to be an American film star in a cinematograph of the far-future, which the people of England would call a science fiction film. You jump down from the Strike Fighter and scan the area with your infra-red goggles. An android, it is too cool to be a human, is moving towards a stream of moving lights, one mile away. You run after him and in the lights, which turn out to be the front searchlights of combustion engined vehicles which roll along a tarmacadam strip, you see that the android looks like a man dressed in clothes from far history. Will you:

Follow the android?
Go back to sabotage the burnt out re-entry capsule?
Turn to 399
Turn to 416

372
You crouch in the trench, along which a heavy opaque green gas pours like a stream. To your surprise the great rock begins to roll along past you and is swallowed up in the yellow fog. You leave the trench and walk warily in the direction from which it came. There is a slight movement in the heavy air and the fog lifts slightly to reveal the most enormous mechanical contrap- tion shaped like a long armadillo. Dust rises from its form and it rumbles slowly across the surface of the planet towards you on caterpillar tracks. Its body is composed of overlapping segments of metal like a woodlouse, which glow dully in the dull rays of the Thrixian sun, which barely penetrates the thick atmos- phere. Thrix is cold. Turn to 395.

373
Your thumbs press down on the joystick firing buttons and twin fission beams leap from the Fighter's wing tips, nearly vapourising the launcher and causing the missiles to explode, destroying much of the fortress' sensor banks. Before you can do anything further, two plasma shells slam into the hull of your ship with a crackling roar and you are engulfed in a ball of burning white plasma. Lose 2 Shield points or 3 Armour. If your defence points are below zero, turn to 90. If you have survived, your Strike Fighter bucks wildly but the gyros, whining shrilly, manage to right it. You are brought to a standstill but engage the booster thrusters and surge forward over the fortress, the G-force dampers working overtime. Turn to 71.

374
The arrogant Danikoi are not interested in a future in which they are not the most powerful beings. The Disputer says, 'If we can no longer protect ourselves then let it all end. Our species will no longer be fit for survival.' They turn their backs on you and you cannot make them listen. There is nothing that you can do now which will stop the Danikoi using time travel to mould history to their own decadent whims. Suddenly, everything goes dark. The Danikoi have changed history and it is as if you and the Space Federation had never existed.

375
Too late you realise that the twenty space-artillery cannons are trained towards you. They fire simultaneously and twenty plasma bolts explode all around you. Your ship's defences, incredibly, stand up to this battering, but they are almost useless now. You scream into the cavernous tunnel and two raildroids whir along their raits towards you. You score a hit on one but the particle disrupter beam of the other pierces your defences. The Strike Fighter is consumed in a ball of flame as its drive overloads and you are destroyed with it. You have failed.

376
Your Strike Fighter re-materialises in the Eiger Vault, 3033 AD. It shows no sign of the damage it suffered on Mechanon. You ask CAIN how long. Earth time, you have been away on the factory planet. To your utter consternation CAIN says it can find no trace of anything called Mechanon in its databanks. You hurry to TIME headquarters to report to Jobanque for your debriefing. When the door to his office slides back he seems surprised to see you. Turn to 420.

377
Your indecision has cost you dear. Before you can leave Falcon's Wing, CAIN reports three incoming ballistic missiles. There is nothing you can do as two of them strike Falcon's Wing, vapourising it utterly. You have failed.

378
You streak onwards straight at the wall. Within moments your hull has been burnt away and you and your ship are shredded like meat in a mincer. You have failed.

379
CAIN selects a simple coat of arms for you, a red chevron on a white background, and prepares a sword, shield and armour in the molecular convertor. You glide to the ground, looking for all the world like an English man-at-arms, and an atmosphere of tense expectancy hits you. As you step away from Falcon's Wing, around which the hologram of a group of trees is projected, battle is about to be joined. The Genoese crossbowmen are charging towards the Black Prince and his knights. You clank down the slope and take up a position in the rear rank, behind Sir Thomas Chandos, sword at the ready. The Genoese halt suddenly and let loose a volley of crossbow bolts - the thud of one hitting your shield with great force shocks you as you realise that you could die at any moment. A few of the English fall under the hail of flying steel, but the English longbowmen let loose a volley. The sky is blackened by a great mass of arrows and they fall upon the Genoese in a withering cloud. The Genoese mercenaries must rewind their crossbows before they can fire again, whereas the English archers, tall, deep-chested men, can fire an arrow with deadly precision every six or eight seconds. The Genoese veterans have never faced such a rain of death and they panic and flee within moments. The French knights are so incensed at this that they ride down their own men in their frenzied charge. All nobles, they treat the Genoese mercenary soldiers with contempt. The charging knights are about to attack your position. Will you:

Move back to the relative safety of the King's position?
Remain where you are?
Move closer to the Black Prince?
Turn to 389
Turn to 162
Turn to 397

380
Your accuracy with the beam lasers is commendable. You fire repeatedly and your lasers shear the drive tubes of the missiles in half and they drift harmlessly past you. Turn to 34.

381
Your aim, though hasty, is true and a sizzling beam of white-hot plasma erupts against the Black Knight. The black armour is ripped open, revealing mechanical gears and electronic circuitry beneath and the droid collapses before exploding loudly. Sir Thomas Chandos and the other knights turn towards you and then begin to run, terrified of your 'sorcery'. With a loud, if muffled, cheer, the French knights press onward, scenting victory - your actions have changed the course of the battle and the English are losing. You quickly vapourise the remains of the droid as the tide of battle washes over you, defending yourself from the lances of the French with your shield. Will you:

Hasten back to Falcon's Wing?
Use your powers of Thinkstrike against the French knights?
Turn to 199
Turn to 170

382
You must decide which wardroid to attack:
The immobilised droid?
The undamaged one?
Turn to 79.
Turn to 393.

383
A strange swirling pattern forms in the yellow mist, between you and the Thrix. A wave of sonic vibrations shakes your suit and you begin to feel as if you must vomit. Will you:
Try to communicate with the alien?
Use your blaster on the rock-like being?
Use your Power of Will to control it?
Turn to 360
Turn to 13 
Turn to 25

384
You set off the electronic counter measures and wait to see what happens. Roll one die.
If you score a 1-3, turn to 81
If you score a 4-6, turn to 37

385
You slide past the bar and the chute becomes vertical. You begin to fall quickly until you can see a rubbish dump of spare parts and broken droids beneath you being fed into a furnace. There is nothing you can do as you fall into the heap of metal with bone- shattering force. Your mission ends here.

386
You re-emerge behind the Mechanon starship once more, but this time it is the dull red of the factory planet which hangs beneath you, not the white cratered moon of Earth. Your scanners detect a communication from the starship to what is referred to as Intruder Detection Satellite ID 53, and the starship re-enters Mechanon's thin atmosphere, to land on the launch field near the Central Computer Complex. You follow it down. Turn to 325.

387
As your missile arrows down towards the fortress you can see several small laser cluster banks swivelling to track it. They open fire and strands of ruby light lance out and cut through the missile. It explodes with a thunderous roar before it reaches the fortress, but it does conceal you behind rolling flames for a few moments from the fortress and you streak over it. As the smoke and flames clear you can see that a missile rack is still following your course and three sleek and deadly dart-shaped missiles leap from the launcher and hurtle towards you. You gun your thrusters and surge forward with a high pitched whine, but the missiles are gaining fast and are close behind. Will you try:

Electronic counter measures?
To pick them off with your aft lasers?
Turn to 172
Turn to 160

388
Your lasers have cut two of the missiles neatly in half and they tumble harmlessly past you, but the third homes in and detonates. The ship rocks and the gyros whir as it rights itself. Your hull armour or shields have saved you from certain destruction, but your ship has taken damage. Subtract 1 from your Zeiss Shield energy if you are equipped with energy shields, or 2 Hull Armour points if your ship carries Titanium Hull Armour. Turn to 103.

389
As you survey the battle from the height of the King's position the withering volleys of the English longbowmen take their toll again and again, bringing down ranks of knights and horses as if they had ridden into a wall. Some of the valiant French knights break through and there is fierce hand-to-hand fighting around the Black Prince's position. As you watch, a huge English knight in black armour who bears no coat of arms raises his mace against one of his fellows. The great blow falls and you are engulfed in darkness. One of your ancestors has been slain - it is as if you had never existed. Now Agidy Yelov will rule the Federation.


390
You play your fission beam over the generator for several seconds as you hurtle towards it. Its screen glows red, purple and then black as it is enveloped in a coruscating cascade of boiling energy as it tries to withstand the fission beam. The generator overloads and the force field flickers and disappears Immediately you use your booster thrusts to fire your Strike Fighter through the gap before the generator begins function- ing again. Turn to 406.

391
Your sword blade whistles through air as the Black Knight reacts to your attack with superhuman speed. The visor on his great black helm clicks open. A beam of red light lances towards you and you try desperately to throw yourself aside. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 99
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

392
The power of Yelov's mind is almost like that of a god of myth. His insane desire to kill you lends him strength and you are losing this battle of wills. Knowing that it may be the last thing you ever do, you frantically redouble your efforts, but the experience is taking its toll. Subtract I from your Power of Will modifier as he tries to break you. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 307
If you score 2-6, turn to 343

393
As you aim your blaster the droid begins to dart from side to side, then shoots upwards through the yellow gas that swirls all around you. You try desperately to track its random evasions in your blaster's sights and squeeze the trigger. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 48
If you score 2-6, turn to 407

394
You manage to catch hold of the bar and swing through a small hatch into a narrow ventilation tube. You push yourself up it for ten minutes until you come to a grille which opens out at the back of a circular area which appears to be an electronic communications networking centre. You prise off the grille and investigate. Turn to 404.

395
[score a Y]
You stride on through the yellow mist, slowed by the high gravity, towards the armadillo-like mining droid. Suddenly the mist churns before you and out of it bursts a large wardroid, hovering ten feet up, on four large discs - hover thrusters. Its top part is crammed with sensors and other indefinable electronic gear, protected by heavy armour. It has several weapon banks - laser cannon, mortar-tube clusters, Ion Beam energy weapons, hi-explosive machine rifles and so on. A huge swivelling gun is moving to target on you. You must blast it before it blasts you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 206
If you score 2-5, turn to 196

396
With the aid of the Battle computer you bring the fusion beams to bear on the fast approaching missile. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 16
If you score 2-5, turn to 69

397
The din of metal striking metal rings all about you as the French knights ride amongst the English. All is confusion as the English seek to drag the French from their horses while defending, shields raised, against the blows of their swords. You move back, but the Black Prince is hard pressed and whilst you are deciding whether to aid him a French knight in a great visored helmet bears down on you with a lance. Will you:

Use your blaster against the French knight?
Fight him with your sword?
Attempt to Thinkstrike him?
Turn to 203
Turn to 82
Turn to 184

398
You sprint away from Falcon's Wing as three ballistic missiles streak overhead. Two score direct hits on your Time Machine and the blast hurls you fifty feet across the gleaming steel roof of the refining plant. Lose 2 Endurance points. The third missile destroys the mining droid, sending a purple cloud of atomised rock into the atmosphere. When the dust settles all that remains of Falcon's Wing is a few small parts of one of the hydraulic legs. You are trapped in time, on Mechanon in 1986 AD with no way of leaving this soulless planet dedicated to the manufacture of hideous weaponry. You have no choice but to go on. Turn to 5.

399
You follow the android at a distance and it makes for a quiet village. It enters an old building which has a painting hanging outside it of two black horses pulling a four wheeled vehicle made of wood. You follow it inside, cautiously, and the building appears to be an ancient form of recreation centre. There are no vid-booths or massage machines but several men and women appear to be drinking enormous glass mugs of what looks faintly like urine. Some of them appear to be losing control.of their limbs. The android is talking to the man who serves the drinks asking in a flat voice for the use of a phone. You can see no holophones but your attention is momentarily distracted as a man staggers towards you and puts his arm on your shoulder. 'What have we got here then? Going to a fancy dress party?' You search your memory for the vid-lecture which dealt with late 20th century customs and history but all you can remember is that a dress is something worn only by women at this time. You shake your head and reply, mimicking his accent, that you are an extra from a science fiction film. 'A Star Wars chappie eh? Well, come and have a drink.' The android is walking to the back door. Will you:

Ignore the man and follow the android?
Say you have no 'money' and leave by the front so that you can walk round to the back unobserved?
Turn to 45
Turn to 26

400
You are still not familiar with the Strike Fighter's beam laser controls and you have failed to stop the missiles. AH three home in and detonate. The ship rocks and the gyros whir as it rights itself. Your hull armour or shields have saved you from certain destruction, but your ship has taken damage. Subtract 3 from your Zeiss Shield energy if you are equipped with energy shields, or 6 Hull Armour points if your ship carries Titanium Hull Armour. Turn to 103.

401
Your sword blade jars the Black Knight with a clang and smoke and sparks fly up from its elbow joint. It staggers as if its circuits were overloading. It is certainly no man, but a droid, a mechanical man. It swivels its head towards you and the visor of its great black helmet clicks open. You are ready when a beam of red light lances towards you from the droid's helmet and you dodge it and try to bury the tip of your sword into the gap left by the open visor. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 324
If you score 2-5, turn to 125

402
As your missile arrows down towards the fortress, you can see several small laser cluster banks swivelling to track it. They open fire, but the missile streaks under the red laser lances and slams into the fortress. There is an enormous explosion and the fortress erupts, sending pieces of twisted metal everywhere. The Strike Fighter is blown upward by the force of the blast, but its gyros correct its course and you rush onward through the smoke and debris like a bullet. Turn to 71.

403
Sweating with the effort inside your battlesuit, you manage to throw off his attempt to take control of your mind, but his mind is as quick as his reflexes and before you can attack him he hurls a blast of mental energy at you. You use your Power of Will to overcome his Thinkstrike which threatens to reduce you to a grovelling animal. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 237
If you score 2-5, turn to 274

404
A small communications droid is linked to a terminal and it disengages and backs away as you approach. You blast it and move over to the terminal. A screen is covered in multi-coloured blocks which flash seemingly at random, but the communica- tions port is still open. You take your Universal Interface and plug it in. Its shape changes to fit the alien specification of the port and it is linked into the communications network in seconds. It probes the databanks, subtly changing the software until it has extracted gygabytes of data on the status of Mechanon. As the Universal Interface completes its work you pick up a radio message.
'Bloodhound calling Lynx, I am in position in front of the hangar door. The inside of the fluorescent building is teeming with battle droids and mobile scanner banks.' Jobanque has sent Bloodhound and Lynx to help you on Mechanon! You cut in on the same frequency and tell them your position. It appears that the tunnels between you and them are teeming with wardroids. Will you:
Try to fight your way back to them?
Continue deeper into the complex?
Turn to 8
Turn to 19

405
Either your joke did not translate well into Thrixian or the alien has no sense of humour. It seems to shudder slightly and pulls its mind back from yours. Turn to 383.

406
The force field falters and then disappears. You gun the Strike Fighter through the gap but the field is rekindled just as you are half way through. The power surge plays havoc with the Fighter's Ion Drive and CAIN tells you that he must shut down the Drive before it explodes. You have passed through into yet another tunnel at the end of which you Can see the stars of Mechanon's night sky. You are forced to crash land and the Strike Fighter skids for half a mile along the steel floor of the tunnel, throwing you about in your crash-couch harness like a bobsleigh until it comes to a rest. You check the air supply of your battlesuit and then blow the cockpit seals and jump out. There is a whirring noise in the distance and a rail above your head starts to vibrate slightly. You decide to test your jetpack and fly up to the rail. A raildroid looms rapidly larger as it speeds along towards you. You are about to fire your suit's particle disrupter when you see a living being riding on a disc attached to the droid. It slows as it approaches you and you recognise Agidy Yelov. On his own Yelov is a dangerous customer, with all his new toys to help him kill you, you sense that you will do well to survive. The thin atmosphere has been changed to suit the Siriun in this part of the complex and he has no need of a space suit. Yelov recognises you and curses. 'Kill or be killed, Falcon/ he threatens, and lets a small, white object fall from his hand as an Atmospheric Interceptor enters the tunnel in the far distance. You decide to dodge in case the Interceptor is about to fire its laser. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 309
If you score 2-5, turn to 296

407
Your plasma blast ionises the gas in a long stream like a ribbon, turning it from yellow to red, but it has passed beneath the wardroid which unleashes a homing missile towards you. As you roll behind a rock you pass through the laser beam of the immobile wardroid which severs you neatly in two at the waist. The shock kills you before the homing missile smears your remains over the rocky surface of Thrix.

408
The Disputer says, 'Your argument has merit, but you are an alien with an alien's motives - why should we care what happens to Earth, we can look after our own.' Will you:

Use your Power of Will to take control of his mind?
Appeal once more, asking if he wishes to be responsible for the deaths of countless billions who, although alien, enjoy eating, laughing and loving even as he does?
Turn to 121
Turn to 341

409
You manage to dodge the huge grab and, using it as cover, you fire at Yelov With your particle disrupter. He has wrenched a huge girder from the floor in his one bionic hand and arm and is swinging its end towards you. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 40
If you score 2-5, turn to 73

410
As you watch the French knights' charge from your position behind the Earl of Northampton, the withering volleys of the English longbowmen take their toll again and again, bringing down ranks of knights and horses as if they had ridden into a wall. Some of the valiant French knights break through and there is fierce hand-to-hand fighting around the Black Prince's position. As you watch, a huge English knight in black armour who bears no coat of arms raises his mace against one of his fellows. The great blow falls and you are engulfed in darkness. One of your ancestors has been slain - it is as if you had never existed. Now Agidy Yelov will rule the Federation.

411
The surface of Mechanon is wreathed in flames and as you watch a fuel refinery explodes, sending a pillar of flame into the upper atmosphere. The droids are motionless, the space- artillery tubes hang down limply. Mechanon is dead. As the Strike Fighter climbs away from the stricken planet, something happens which you can hardly comprehend, let alone believe. The planet splits into two flaming halves. Its centre has been mined out centuries ago and from the hollowness within flies a ship as large as a mountain. It rumbles skyward on the thrust of a hundred colossal fusion tubes. This must be the planet killer which the computer launched. Its size alone would mean that Earth would be destroyed if it hit a continent at two-tenths the speed of light, but you can tell at a glance that it is a single flying bomb. The planet killer accelerates towards hyper-space speed and CAIN confirms that it is almost certainly on course for Earth. Will you:
Try to destroy the planet killer?
Ask CAIN if there are any other options?
Turn to 55
Turn to 290

412
As you step through, a worker droid rushes to repair the hole you have made as air starts to whistle out into the tunnel. You have entered a colossal circular room which is crammed with computer banks. Coloured lights flash as fast as the eye can see. Yelov has, unwittingly, led you to the Central Computer. This enormous room is a single computerised brain which controls the whole of the factory planet. You marvel at its size but remembering the complexity of the task it fulfils you are not surprised it throws out enough light to illuminate a small city. Yelov is standing in front of the computer which is the brain of Mechanon, Its tones are very calm and reassuring, but it is saying, There is an organic hostile within my perimeter, Yelov. You assured me that this could never happen. Mechanon is at risk - exterminate the being at once.' Yelov spins to look at you and there is a frown of concentration on his face. He is trying to exert the power of his will over yours. His mind is strong and his will to live burns as hotly as ever. If yours does not, you will lose this battle of wills. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 403
If you score 2-6, turn to 392

413
You have stopped only one of the missiles, cutting off its drive tube, and it tumbles harmlessly past you. The other two home in and detonate. The ship rocks and the gyros whir as it rights itself. Your hull armour or shields have saved you from certain destruction, but your ship has taken damage. Subtract 2 from you Zeiss Shield energy if you are equipped with energy shields, or 4 Hull Armour points if your ship carries Titanium Hull Armour. Turn to 103.

414
Shutting all other thoughts out you concentrate on exerting your will to control the Black Knight, but there is no will to control inside the menacing suit of armour. You realise with horror it is an automaton, not a man. You are too late to halt the descent of the crackling blue mace and Sir Thomas Chandos is bathed in electricity as the force of the blow pulps his helmeted head like an overripe melon. The automaton turns towards you, raising its mace, but suddenly you are engulfed in darkness. Sir Thomas Chandos was your ancestor and he has not yet sired the son whose line comes down to you. Y elov has sent a special droid to kill your ancestor and he has killed you too for it is as if you had never existed.

415
You have only a moment before the Black Knight's mace crushes Sir Thomas Chandos. Desperately, you focus your thought and project your will into the mind of the French knight, the Duke of Alencon. Make a Power of Will Roll. .

If you score 5-12, turn to 122
If you score 2-4, turn to 111

416
It takes you some time to find the capsule as it has crashed into a deep wood. When you do, you realise that there is nothing to sabotage, the capsule was designed for a one way trip and could never return to space. Its only purpose was to deliver the android which is now lost in the Devonian night. You return to the road and walk for some miles without locating the android. Suddenly you look up to see several orange streaks in the sky. There is a flash of light and a thunderous roar as a great mushroom cloud of incandescent flame and smoke erupts into the upper atmosphere. The next explosion turns your eyes to steam and strips you to a charred skeleton. The android has swoomne.how provoked a nuclear holocaust on Earth; Yelov has

417
You draw and aim your blaster in a flash but the superhuman reactions of the Black Knight are even faster and he ducks the sizzling beam of superheated plasma. The visor on his great black helm clicks open and a beam of red light lances towards you. You can only try desperately to throw yourself aside. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 74
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

418
The beam of your blaster reacts with small particles in the air which sparkle like dancing fairy lights, but the efficiency of your weapon is as good as ever. The radar beacon grinds to a halt, severely damaged. Will you:
Walk towards the building into which the droid flew?
Return to Falcon's Wing and get into your Flyer?
Turn to 123
Turn to 75

419
You concentrate your mind and try to dominate the will of this sentient rock, but its mind is so alien you don't know where to begin. The Thrix is entirely unaffected but it seems to think that you have made a gesture of friendship and it opens its mind more fully to you. Its name translates, in a shortened form, to Carborundum. It clicks at you and your translator tells you that it is beckoning you. Suddenly it lurches and begins to roll across the ground. You decide to follow warily. Turn to 53.

420
'Ah, Falcon, I was about to call for you. Agidy Yelov escaped from the detention centre nine minutes ago!'
'But that's impossible ...' you begin, until you realise that you have changed history and this is not the same Earth that you left a few hours ago. While you tell Jobanque where you have been he listens in amazement. By convincing the Danikoi never to build Mechanon you have saved Earth and the Space Federation and now it is as if Mechanon had never existed. Even CAIN's data banks have been changed. You are the only one who will ever really know what might have been. Jobanque believes your story and he compliments you on your success.
'No medals this time, Falcon. We would never convince the Federation that your story is true! Sounds like you've had. quite an exciting time! But rest now, take ten days' vacation. I'll arrange a trip to Titan if you like. I'll have to use another agent to track down Yelov (who never died now, of course!). If you go into the recreation centre ask Sparrowhawk to see me. She may know the workings of a fellow Siriun's mind. Happy holiday, Falcon - use it well.' Barely able to adjust to the fact that a part of your life simply never took place as far an your colleagues are concerned, you walk into the recreation centre in a daze. Bloodhound is leaning close to Sparrowhawk who looks troubled. You ask her to report to Jobanque and, as she leaves, Bloodhound asks you how the test flight went.
'What test flight?' you exclaim, and tell him your incredible story.
You cannot tell whether Bloodhound believes you or not he infuriates you, pretending that you are mad, but at last he says, 'Well, you're as sane as the rest of us. Falcon, and I know you would never lie. But if you were changing history, couldn't you have arranged for me to have a solar-racer while you were at it?'
Ignoring Bloodhound's idiocy you protest, 'I have changed history. Why am I the only one to have memories of Mechanon? CAIN was there too.'
'Sounds like a question for the techs to me,'says Bloodhound 'You're a walking time paradox. Ask Skirrow - if he doesn't know, nobody will!' You shrug your shoulders and decide instead to make the most of your trip to the pleasure-dome on Titan.

SCORING FOR FALCON 1: THE RENEGADE LORD
If you have played Falcon 1: The Renegade Lord and would like to rate your skill as an Agent of TIME here are the points equivalent of the letters you should have recorded.
Q= -1 B= -1 K=+1 M=+1 C=+1 G=+1 T=+1 F=-1
If your score was:
- 3 or below
You are offered a job you can't refuse - tying Silvermane's bootlaces.
0-3
Demoted to Cadet - 'Get back to the Academy, Falcon.'
1-4
Take a three-week refresher course at the Academy.
5-8
Congratulations, you deserve your place in the Special Agent Section. . .
9-12
Well done, a highly competent performance - your hologram has gone up in the Hall of Fame.
13-14
You're the best agent TIME has ever had - you're on-line for promotion.
15+
As long as you are alive, Earth is safe.
