Also by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson in Sphere Books:
FALCON 2: MECHANON FALCON 3: THE RACK OF BAAL FALCON 4: LOST IN TIME
Falcon 1:
The Renegade Lord
MARK SMITH AND JAMIE THOMSON
SPHERE BOOKS LIMITED London and Sydney

First published in Great Britain by
Sphere Books Ltd 1985 in association with
Commodore Business Machines Ltd
30 32 Gray's Inn Road, London WC1X 8JL
Copyright © 1985 by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson
Illustrations by Geoff Senior and Nic Weeks
A third of the land's surface is populated with cities which stretch miles up towards the Ionosphere and are also tunnelled deep into the Earth's crust.
The world is united - war within the atmosphere of a single planet can only lead to total destruction. Government is carried out by Executives, each having full powers within a certain area. The Food, Health, Pleasure and Enforcement Executives are centred in Alpolis, a city covering what was once an independent country - Switzerland - and it is here that the most recent Executive, TIME, exists.
People live for fun, not to work. Most tasks are performed by robots, so life is quite easy. Only 10% of the population still works, and then only for fun or out of a sense of social duty. Food is plentiful, the main source being a fungus grown in huge vats under artificial light. Luxury foods, such as meat, are a rarity. Communications have improved so as to transform society: holophones connect all homes across the Space Federation so it is possible to be in direct contact with many alien species light years across space. Travel on earth is done by hovrail, jetcopter or stratocruiser, so that the longest journey need take no more than an hour.
The average Earther lives for two hundred and fifty years and the ageing process only begins during the last fifty years of life. Life-prolonging drugs, called Anagathics, are freely available, and transplant surgery is now a simple operation. Unfortun- ately, because people live longer, there are many problems. There is overcrowding and very little to do which has resulted in a rapid increase in violent crime. With so many people needing new hearts, lungs and other organs there is a shortage of spare parts for use in transplant surgery, so the Enforcement Executive has passed a Termination Code. All violent crimes are punishable by painless death. The Enforcement Executive has had sensors set up to catch criminals, especially Bodybrokers who deal illegally in organs for surgery. If Energy Weapons are used by criminals, for instance, a police jetcopter will be there in seconds.
EARTH 3033 AD
 This book is sold subject to the condition that
it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without the publisher's prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
Set in Andover
Printed and bound in Great Britain by Collins, Glasgow

 Earth,using Hyperdrive, faster-than-light travel, has estab- lished itself as head of the Space Federation, which includes all the earth colonies and alien planets. The Navy patrols the colonies: Lastlanding, Proxima Centauri, Ascension and so on, as well as the alien worlds: Kelados, Sundew, Dyskra, Clyss, Rigel Prime, the Hive and others. Contact with alien life forms is commonplace and the colony ships of the twenty-fourth century are still approaching the centre of the galaxy.
How to Travel in Time
Travel through time involves crossing a fourth dimension, 'Null-space' or the 'Void' as it is known. This dimension joins all points in time and space from the beginning of the universe to its end. Imagine time as a cable. Earth's Timeline (or past, present and future) is a single strand of this cable stretching from Earth's beginning to the end of time. The Timelines of other planets run alongside this and weave around each other, because events on one planet affect things on another. These strands, or Timelines, are insulated from the fourth dimension in the same way that an electrical wire is insulated. At certain points there are holes in the insulation allowing travel from one point on the wire through this hole to a different point on this or another wire. In this way a Time Machine may move from one 'Timehole' to another and from one point in space to another via Null-space.
The Timeholes are formed when the fabric of time is damaged by unknown forces. They can be larger, but are usually less than five miles across. Timeholes come and go as new damage occurs and older Timeholes close up naturally. The Monitoring Section is responsible for keeping the map of current Timeholes. Your up-to-date map is at the beginning of the book. At least one hole has been there for a long time - the Eiger Vault, near the TIME Building in the Alps. It is thought to be a permanent Timehole and your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is kept there along with those of the Lords of TIME and other Agents. Some Timeholes are safer than others and it is possible to go back in time only to find that the hole through which you travelled has closed up, trapping the unfortunate traveller in the past. Time passes at the same rate in all Timeholes as on Earth. If you begin a journey to a Timehole ten minutes after somebody else does you will arrive ten minutes later than them. Only those with Psychic Awareness can navigate across Null-space.

ATTACK
A ttack Modifier as Modifier is also zero.
described
above.
Y our
initial
Evasion
Game Rules
time you fall to zero Endurance or less you are dead and your adventure is over. Endurance points can be regained by visiting the Autodoc in your Time Machine (see equipment list) and you will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
SCORING
You will notice as you use this book that certain paragraph numbers are followed by a letter in brackets. If you wish to score your performance as Special Agent Falcon, you will need to make a list of the letters following these numbers on the box provided on your Agent Profile every time you come to one of these paragraphs. If you should be killed or fail in your adventure, you should delete your current recorded letters except for all the Qs which must be kept and begin again. Each letter corresponds to a score, and you will be given a rating, depending on what the total of your scores is. The letter scores may be found at the back of the second book of this series, Mechanon. This is necessary, since printing the scores in this book would allow you to find out what the right decisions to take in this adventure are!
Equipment
Standard Issue for TIME Special Agents
ITEM i: MODEL A3 TIME MACHINE [see accompanying speci-
fications]
Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is silver with bright scarlet markings and is the eleventh machine capable of travel through time ever built. Its cost cannot be computed, since it involves the use of certain materials and scientific skills which are priceless. The silver and scarlet hull will withstand enormous pressure, heat and exposure to harmful gasses and liquids, as .well as providing protection from radiation.
The six hydraulic legs which support the machine are extended when it materialises in a new Timehole, to provide stability on uneven ground. The Main Access is operated by invisible Tractor Beams (energy beams that can be used to grip and lift) that will draw the Time Traveller up into the cabin, to rest on the Access Disc. This disc is matter but is changed to air as you move through it by the Molecular Converter (see Item 4). The pressurised cabin is lined with instruments and gadgets. The crash couch is moulded to fit your shape and can be moved up to the command console or up into the Flyer (see Item 6).
In certain paragraphs you will have the chance to attack an enemy. When you choose to do so, you will be asked to make an Attack Roll. To do this, roll two dice and add the numbers together. You will be told which paragraph to turn to next, depending on your score. In all combats you are more likely to succeed if your score is high than if it is low
ATTACK MODIFIER
Whenever you make an Attack Roll you must add or subtract your Attack Modifier to the dice score. Your Attack Modifier may change as the adventure unfolds and you should keep a note of this on your Agent Profile (at beginning of adventure). To begin with your Attack Modifier is zero.
EV ASION
In certain cases you may need to avoid the attack of an enemy or escape from a difficult situation. You will be asked to make an Evasion Roll, to which you must add or subtract your Evasion Modifier. This works in the same way as the Attack Roll and
POWERS OF THE MIND
Some paragraphs will offer you the chance to make a mental attack, either a Thinkstrike or Power of Will. Make an Attack Roll, just as if you were attacking normally, but add or subtract your Thinkstrike or Power of Will Modifier, not your Attack Modifier. In all other ways mental attacks work in the same way as a physical attack. To begin with your Thinkstrike and Power of Will Modifiers are zero, as noted on your Agent Profile.
PSYCHIC AWARENESS
Y our Psychic A wareness operates at all times and you told when you have discovered anything of interest.
will
be
ENDURANCE
You, Falcon, start the adventure with 20 points of Endurance. If you are wounded in combat, suffer something unpleasant such as an acid atmosphere without a space suit, or become exhausted, you will lose Endurance points. A running total of your Endurance should be kept on your Agent Profile. If at any

TIME MACHINE
TIME MACHINE
  
The air inside the machine is kept pure by the life support unit and can be flushed out and replaced within ten seconds. The Main Access will work only when its Memory Scanner recognises your own brain patterns. Specially sensitive cameras and power floodlights are mounted on top of the Machine. The Variac Drive, which forces the Machine into null-space, is housed beneath the deck and is controlled through your computer (CAIN, see Item 7).
ITEM 2: HOLOGRAM GENERATOR
Each Time Machine is equipped with a Hologram Generator - very important if the First Law of TIME is to be obeyed. The Generator changes the appearance of the Machine by casting a hologram around it, so the computer can make the Machine look like a small wood, hayrick or grassy hill etc, which is very lifelike unless you are within two metres of the Machine itself. This stops people in history being curious at the sight of a highly technologicalmachine.
ITEM 3: HOLO-DETECTOR
Due to the existence of Hologram Generators you may find it difficult to see other Time Machines. As a member of the Time Police you have been given a Hologram-detector which is portable and operates to a range of fifty metres. This will reveal the presence of a hologram and therefore another Time Machine.
ITEM 4: MOLECULAR CONVERTOR
Each Time Machine is equipped with a Molecular Converter, a device which uses the rarest of all elements, Polybdenum, as its fuel. Small articles, placed in the Converter, are transformed into whatever the computer decides. In this way, Time Travellers have disguises which allow them to pass undetected amongst the intelligent beings of other times. CAIN, your computer, carries information about the Timeholes shown on your map, so that the blueprints required by the Converter to make the disguises accurate, are usually available. Your Psionic Helmet, for instance, can be turned into a legionary's helmet, while keeping its modern powers.
ITEM 5: AUTODOC [see accompanying specifications]
This is a couch-like device which has needles, a drip, a blood supply and surgical robo-arms. You may lie in the Autodoc
during the time taken to travel from one Timehole to another, for instance, and come out healed, restoring your Endurance by up to twelve points. You will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
ITEM6: FLYER [see accompanying specification]
Your crash-couch swivels up onto the platform of your flyer when you wish to use it. The flyer is a small hover-raft which is catapulted out of the Time Machine through the Launch Doors, two sections on top of the hull that slide apart. Once safely away from the Machine the Ion Drive can be cut in, giving the flyer a top speed many times the speed of sound (Mach 6). It can hover which allows you to use it as an observation platform, but it is too small to carry a Hologram Generator and should only be used when strictly necessary. Fortunately, its Ion Drive is almost soundless. You are also issued with a Homing Beacon, which, when activated, will make the flyer move to its location as quickly as possible. The flyer is then piloted by its micro computer. The Beacon is magnetic, and about the size of a die.
ITEM7: CAIN [Cybernetic Artificial Intelligence Nexus]
CAIN is one of the most advanced computers known to man. Its data banks offer information on all subjects and historical data on all Federation and alien planets. Its memory banks are continuously updated with information concerning the Time- holes and it is able to link with the massive memory banks of the TIME Service Computer at the Eiger Vault. A holophone, through which you can contact any other holophone in the Federation, is built into CAIN and you also have access to most of the files kept by TIME. CAIN answers to your spoken commands and runs the Time Machine for you. It can display information visually, via the terminal screen, or verbally, using its melodic chimes.
ITEM 8: BLASTER [see accompanying specifications]
This is your Standard Starship Trooper issue Plasma Pistol. It fires superheated plasma to a range of 100 metres, and the Energy Pack is sufficient for ten minutes continuous use. You have more Energy Packs in your weapons locker. Your blaster is labelled, 'For use in exceptional circumstances only'.
ITEM 9: PSIONIC ENHANCER [see accompanying specifications] This helmet helps your Powers of the Mind by damping all other

1

FLYER FLYER
  
BLASTER
PSIONIC ENHANCER
  
ENVIRONMENT SUIT
thoughts. It senses when you want to use your power and activates automatically.
ITEM10: ENVIRONMENT SUIT [see accompanying specifications] A light, pressurised suit for use in vacuum, inhospitable atmospheres and extreme ranges of temperature which monitors your life signals such as pulse and temperature. It is compatiblewith your Psionic Enhancer.
Personal Background
Special Agent (TIME)
Codename: Falcon
For three years you have studied at the Academy as a cadet attached to TIME: the Temporal, Investigative and Monitoring Executive, and you have passed the difficult training pro- gramme with flying colours. You have been selected from the Academy to be a Special Agent because of your unusual talents, having been born with Powers of the Mind: you can sense things that others can't and even influence their actions
through thought alone. These powers have been strengthened and focussed during your training and you have been issued with a Psionic Enhancer, a helmet which increases these mental powers. You have been taught to attack the minds of others with a blast of mental energy you call Thinkstrike. Your Power of Will allows you to control the minds of those weaker than you, and your Psychic Awareness allows you to sense things that others cannot, including the presence of another with such mental powers. This Psychic Awareness also lets you navigate your Time Machine through time and space. Few have such powers and even fewer are trusted with one of the small
number of Time Machines in existence.
You are expert in survival - including combat — armed and unarmed. History and detective powers of deduction have also been major subjects of study. You are now an Agent in the Time Police, whose job is to guard the Timelines of the past and to ensure that no-one tampers with past events in any way that would change things as they are now.
*
TIME, the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive, was set up in Alpolis forty years ago shortly after Time Travel was discovered. The realisation that anyone with access to Time Travel could change the past so that the entire human race
 
might cease to exist was worrying, so Time Machines were built for the Time Police in their crystal domed TIME headquarters, in order to stop this. TIME is headed by five Lords, representing the most powerful groups in the Space Federation. Each of these has Powers of the Mind, and their own Time Machine.
The Executive is divided into four sections: Administrative, Research, Monitoring and the Special Agent Section (or SAS). The Monitoring Section, headed by Section Chief Jobanque, is responsible for noting any disturbances in the past, or Timelines, of the planets in the Federation. The Research Section, headed by Section Chief Skirrow is responsible for all equipment used by Special Agents and is also examining the possibilities of travel into the future, as yet impossible. Your own Special Agent Section is- headed by Section Chief Agidy Yelov, a Siriun humanoid from the Federation member planet, Sirius Secundus. Agidy Yelov and others have told you the importance of the First Law of TIME when on active service: 'A TIME Agent must, in all cases, act naturally according to the time in which he is currently operating, thus minimising any disruption of the Timelines his or her presence might be
causing'. As Yelov once said to you: There's no point in coming back to 3033 if you have left an atomic hand gun near Hitler's bunker, because this would change the present - in fact, you'd probably find you had never existed!' As with all Special Agents, your bloodline has been traced back, in your case to the French Revolution in 1789 AD. Should any one of your ancestors fail to produce the next in line it would be as if you had never existed.
Hints on Play
Your mission to find the Renegade Lord is a race against time, Falcon. You must catch up with the Lord before history can be changed or you will have failed, perhaps never have existed at all. You may find it useful to make a note of the places and times to which you travel so that you can form an idea of where to go next.
The rules are very simple - you could almost play this book without reading them at all. But reading the Personal Background and of course, the Mission Brief will help you to understand what is happening as you begin the adventure. If you come across something you don't understand, don't worry, check the Equipment List and this may give you a clue. If not,
carry on anyway, it will probably come clear later.
Good luck, and remember, the fate of the Space Federation rests in your hands.
Mission Brief
Touching the pad which changes the walls of your home to tranquil white you casually note how smart you look in your Dress Uniform in the mirror wall. It is less than an hour to your graduation ceremony, when you will stand before the Lords of TIME in the Hall of Honours and, taking these moments to relax, you remember the excitement of simulated ship-to-ship combat, the long hours of concentration as you worked on your Powers of the Mind, and the fascinating vid-lectures on history that were part of your course at the Academy. Though you excelled in all of these things, you are well aware that the job which you began officially today as a Special Agent of the Time Police will be the most challenging of any Federation citizen. The responsibility of guarding the past for all who live today weighs heavily but such sobering thoughts are interrupted by the quiet tone of your holophone.
You click your fingers and the remote accepts contact. Your section commander, Agidy Yelov, seems to appear in the room before you. The slitted pupils of his amber eyes narrow as they adapt to the white light. Tall, lean and cat-like, Yelov looks imposing in his steel grey uniform, his blue-black hair framing a face which betrays nothing. 'Falcon, I must see you before the ceremony. Come straight to my office.' He taps his desk, breaking the hob-link and vanishing before you can reply. Seconds later, you are on the moving pedway leading to his office in the Security Wing of TIME headquarters. As you leave the domed apartment, the blue sky is clear, and it is due to
remain so for a further 4.5 days.
The door to Yelov's office slides open at your touch - the building's Service Computer recognises your fingerprints. Agidy Yelov, standing before his Corn-console, beckons you in. 'Your pardon for this untimely intrusion, please be seated.' It is only as you step through the doorway that you notice Yelov is not alone. Jobanque, head of the Monitoring Section, is lying on a couch, a welcoming smile stretching his black features. You sit and the chair expands with a hiss to fit you snugly. Looking at

Yelov, you might think him nervous if you didn't believe him unable to feel anxiety. 'I have no time for the usual pleasantries.' His voice is hard. 'I know that this is your first mission, but Jobanque and I have picked you because you're the best person I've got. The fate of every being in the Federation and billions beyond will depend on you. We have lost an Agent. Q has been killed while on active service, investigating a disturbance of the Timeline of the planet Kelados. It seems he had found out who was responsible.'
Jobanque speaks next: 'His final transmission reported that he had identified the culprit as a Lord of TIME.' He pauses to watch your reaction to this incredible news. 'Unfortunately, Q died before he could tell us which one of the Lords is trying to change the past in order to gain power here and now, in 3033.'
Yelov continues brusquely: 'Of course, we can't arrest them all, they are our superiors and it is a difficult situation, particularly as far as the alien Lords of TIME are concerned. Because of this your mission has to be completely unofficial, but we must arrest or terminate the Renegade Lord as soon as we have proof and before anything disastrous occurs. When you have proof, do whatever you feel is necessary, Falcon. Is that understood?'
'Understood,' you reply.
Yelov continues: 'It will be a race against time; you may need to deal with an attempt to change the past within the next few hours.'
'Yes,' Jobanque breaks in, 'Q had already foiled one attempt in the Kelados Timeline, in 2710 AD. He was a fine agent. It is too late for you to do anything to save him, time passes in the Timeholes at the same rate as it passes in the present and if you travelled back to the same hole you would arrive after his death. I have identified an even earlier Timehole on Kelados, but Skirrow's men in the Tech Section say we can't send you back there and put you into cold sleep, to awaken at the time of Q's arrival, because of the rapid ageing effect of being away from your own time for extended periods.'
'Your machine is ready in the Eiger Vault,' Yelov goes on. 'We have no idea what the Renegade Lord's next move will be but all
the Lords will attend your graduation ceremony. All five of their Time Machines are logged in at the Vault, so none of them are meddlingwith the past as we speak. Go to your ceremony but remember, one of them is a traitor, a traitor to TIME and to the Space Federation. Good luck, Falcon. If you are not successful we may never meet again...'
Adyou turn to the door, Jobanque rises and says: 'Well be seeing you. Falcon.' You salute and leave, to begin your search for the Renegade Lord, wondering whether in fact you will ever see them or any of your friends again. The fate of worlds rests on your shoulders. Now turn over.

 AGENT PROFILE:
 
THE MISSION
1
[score a Q]
The door hums closed behind you as you step out of the high security wing which houses Section Chief Yelov's offices. Boarding the pedway you request the time. The Service Computer responds from a nearby speaker: 'It is three minutes, fifteen seconds to your appointment with the Lords of TIME at 10am, Falcon. If you would care to step into Lane 9, I can see that you arrive in time.' Realising that you have only a few moments to prepare, you transfer to Lane 9 and open a link to CAIN, punching in your Security Clearance Code on your Remote Access Terminal (RAT), a flexible keyboard and visual display incorporated into the left forearm of your uniform which you can use to communicate with CAIN via the building's Service Computer. The link opens. Do you:

Ask to see Special Agent Q's Termination Report?
Ask to see the last transmission which Special Agent Q submitted to Agidy Yelov?
Ask CAIN why Section Chief Yelov gave you so little warning about your mission prior to your ceremony?
Turn to 14
Turn to 36
Turn to 60

2
You leap across Ogedai's bed putting the older general between yourself and the Emperor's guard. Make an Attack Roll as they rush at you, swords drawn.
If you score 8-12, turn to 113
If you score 2-6, turn to 356
If you score 7, roll again.

3
Your blow lands and the bear retreats into its cave, grunting with pain. You quickly board your flyer and decide to fly over the city. Turn to 63.

4
Lord Speke's mind falls under your control. You hold him there as Alexander, exhausted, drops his sword again. Some of his men arrive in time to defend him. Within moments, the tide of battle is turned completely and the Macedonians, driven wild by the danger to their king, begin to massacre the townspeople. Alexander is borne away by several soldiers to be tended by the doctors in his tent. When the danger is past and the battle moved on, you take Lord Speke up to the hills. Looking into his mind you see that he has been breaking the First Law of TIME and living as an ancient Greek. He has always been careful not to upset the timelines seriously, but he knows he has been acting wrongly. His collection of ancient Greek weapons in his Time Machine is authentic and he has even buried ancient artifacts in places where he could 'discover' them as archaeological finds in the 31st century. Speke is not the Renegade Lord, and you release him from your control. Tears run down his face as he realises his hobby is over. 'At least', he says, 'I can say I saw the man whose people thought he was a god.' He asks you how you discovered him and you tell him about your mission. He is shocked by the news of a traitor Lord but offers a few words of advice: 'It is not likely to be either Pilota, or myself -we are both Earther stock and interference with Earth's past might mean that we had never existed.' You thank Speke but feel obliged to order him to return to 3033 AD and give himself up. Downcast, he agrees and returns to his Time Machine while you continue with your mission. Turn to 272.

5
He leaps at you as you grab for your blaster and trigger it just in time. A white bolt of superheated plasma eats into his chest. To your surprise, sparks fly and there is the unmistakable tang of vaporised metals. A nearby Plasma Sensor begins to flash and the siren of a Citpol jetcopter wails as the 'cydroid' buckles, short-circuiting in a sea of sparks, before falling inert. You have been fighting a machine. You examine it, but the damage is too severe for you to gain a clue as to its origins, before two Enforcers alight from their 'copter, pointing their stun-lances at you. 'Let's see your ID'. You produce your ID chip and hand it to the one who spoke, still covered by the other. He clips it into the Remote Access Terminal (RAT) on his arm and a look of disappointment crosses his features as he realises who you are. 'What's been going on here?' he says. You report exactly what happened and he returns your chip and turns to examine the cydroid. Turn to 137.

6
Knowing that Lynx is trained in the use of powers of the mind, you make a special effort to try to overcome her mental defences. Make a Thinkstrike Roll:
If you score 7-12, turn to 118
If you score 2-6, turn to 85

7
The ambulance trundles on towards Napoleon and you sense that the Renegade Lord is reaching out to control the Emperor's mind. You can no longer see Bloodhound and decide to attack when Napoleon begins to order the Imperial Guard to advance. As you do so, the Renegade Lord becomes aware of you and a wave of mental energy flows into you - your brain goes haywire. You seem to feel hot, cold, rain and fire all at once. It is as if you can see all colours at the same time and myriad voices speak every word in every language you have ever studied. Your brain overheats, literally burning itself out like a faulty electric motor. You are a zombie, incapable of thought, gurgling like a baby. You have failed.

8
Your mind is gripped like a vice and there is nothing you can do as your hand is forced inside your jacket. Sweating with effort, you try to stop yourself aiming your blaster at Bloodhound. Your arm quivers as you line him up in your sights. Bloodhound realises what is happening and reaches for his own blaster. He is too late. The lightning bolt of plasma hurls him into the wheel of the ambulance and his corpse slumps, a grotesque travesty of a human being. Your eyes are riveted on the muzzle of your death-dealing blaster as, inch by inch, you are forced to point it at yourself. Your hand is still shaking but your finger closes on the trigger and the left half of your face and head is wiped away. You have failed.

9
Your attack fails and is returned by a mental blast far more powerful than your own. You sink to the ground feeling as if your brain is boiling. Your brain is about to burn out like a faulty electric motor when the Renegade Lord's attention is shifted to Bloodhound who is making an attack of his own, saving your life as he does so. You fall unconscious and your powers of Think- strike will never again be what they were. Subtract one from your ThinkstrikeModifier. When you awake, Bloodhound is coming round, lying next to you. You shake your heads to clear the pain and look up to see that the Imperial Guard are marching to the attack. The Renegade Lord is changing history. You both begin to run up the hillside and the ambulance comes into view a hundred yards away from the Emperor. Turn to 344.

10
You step from the pedway at an interchange but dart into a | construction tunnel leading down to Old Geneva on the lower levels. As you emerge into the low-life area of the city the stench of sewers bathes you. The dark, squat buildings are made of old- fashioned concrete, a few even are of bricks, which you have only seen before in architectural museums. The Enforcers of Citpol seldom penetrate to these depths, preferring to leave the lowlifers to their own devices. There are no pedways or Plasma Sensors down here, just graffiti and cracked tarmac. You plunge into a blank-eyed crowd of leisure zombies, milling around the sim-combat booths, unnoticed, and unfollowed. You search for a different way back to the upper levels. Turn to 146.

11
You splash your way into the pond and grab for the rope ladder which is hanging from your flyer. Shouts ring out behind you and an arrow hits you in the bottom as you climb. You pull it out but are losing blood. Lose 4 Endurance points. Panting, you kneel in the cockpit and fire up the flyer's Drive and the ladder slowly retracts. The flyer rocks unsteadily as if the stabilisers were malfunctioning. Looking down, you see the dark eyes, wide with fright, of a mongol guard swinging from the ladder, a torch burning in his hand. You dip the flyer down across the pool, plunging him into the water and the flyer bucks skyward as he falls from the ladder. Realising that all of the guards on the ground are now alerted you decide to risk hovering above the palace roof, hoping to find the balcony on which Ogedai appeared earlier. Turn to 28.

12
The Creche are weakened - there are only five of them left alive, and you are combining your powers. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 83
If you score 2-6, turn to 204

13
You cannot control Speke, his mind is too strong, but he has realised you are here. Alexander, exhausted, drops his sword and Speke, picking it up, defends him from attack. Within moments, the tide of battle is turned completely and the Macedonians, driven wild by the danger to their king, begin to massacre the townspeople. Alexander is borne away by several soldiers to be tended by the doctors in his tent. When the danger is past and the battle moved on, Lord Speke approaches carrying Alexander's sword and gives himself up. You walk up into the hills, and he explains that for some time he has been breaking the First Law of TIME and living as an ancient Greek. He has always been careful not to upset the timelines seriously but he knows he has been acting wrongly. His collection of ancient Greek weapons in his Time Machine is authentic and he has even buried ancient artifacts in places where he could 'discover' them as archaeological finds in the 31st century. You look into his mind, with his consent, and see that it is all true - Speke is not the Renegade Lord. Tears run down his face as he realises his hobby is over. 'At least,' he says, 'I can say I saw the man whose people thought he was a god.' He asks you how you discovered him and you tell him about your mission. He is shocked by the news of a traitor Lord but offers a few words of advice. 'It is not likely to be either Pilota, or myself - we are both Earther stock and interference with Earth's past might mean that we had never existed.' You thank Speke but feel obliged to order him to return to 3033 AD and give himself up. Downcast, he agrees and returns to his Time Machine while you continue with your mission. Turn to 272.

14
You give your Epsilon Security Code and the micro-display on your wrist lights up. The report on Q's death seems surprisingly brief:

Termination Report:
Cause of Death: Mission Brief at time of Death:
Last Known Action:
TIME Special Agent Q Born: 1/9/2890 AD - Last- landing (Outer Colonies) Killed on Active Service Autodoc Malfunction
Monitor disturbance in Kelados Timeline 2047 AD Transmission to Sector Chief Yelov, Security Code Epsilon,interrupted Subject: Kelados Timeline disturbance.
End of Report
Message Ends

To your certain knowledge, there has not been an officially recognised Autodoc malfunction in seventeen years. As you approach the Hall of Honours you realise there is still time to call up Agent Q's last, interrupted, report. You re-open your link with CAIN. Turn to 36.

15
File
SUBJECT:	Yelov, Agidy
POSITION:	Head of Special Agent Section, TIME
SPECIES:	Siriun
BORN:	Sirius Secundus, 2940 AD
LIVES:	TIME Headquarters, Alpolis, Earth

# Personality
Efficient, calm, and a good leader. Yelov is sparing with words but what he says usually counts. He has had a glittering career in the Siriun Navy as a test pilot for Time Travel and now within the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive. He is ambitious and dedicated to his work. His close friends all belong to the small community of Siriuns living on Earth. He is much respected, if not well liked and his standing within TIME is high. He is extremely deadly, proficient in most forms of combat and was personally responsible for the training of Special Agent Lynx in this area.

# Homeworld
Sirius Secundus. Population: 12.576 billion. Sirius Secundus is an Earth type, but cool world, rich in minerals and with a strong economy. As the sun, Sirius, gradually wanes the Siriuns are beginning to emigrate in increasing numbers from their dying world.

# Diplomatic History
The Siriuns are fiercely independent members of the Space Federation, which they joined in order to gain the secrets of space travel. Trade between Sirius and other worlds is now flourishing.

End of File

16
[score a K]
The flyer hovers above the darkest part of the palace gardens and you release the rope ladder from its edge. You climb down cautiously, unable to see the ground; it is black as pitch. You step down off the ladder and catch your breath as you find yourself waist deep in freezing water. You have climbed down into the ornamental pond. You stand still, waiting to see if you've been heard, then wade out trying not to splash and walk stealthily between cherry trees towards the torch-lights of the palace. Pausing to take stock of your surroundings you notice two guards at the rear of the palace, guarding a small wooden door. Nearby is a low wooden building with several horses tethered to posts outside it. Do you:

Thinkstrike the two guards?
Try to control them both, using your Power of Will?
Pull out your blaster and fry them?
Turn to 369
Turn to 377
Turn to 387

17
You instruct CAIN to examine the Eiger Service Computer and type your Epsilon Security Clearance Code at the terminal, before asking for information relating to a cydroid, serial number SAT17YV. Moments later, CAIN responds. 'SAT Section Security Cydroid 17YV, built 3027, assigned to Section Chief Agidy Yelov. Reported missing 3031, prior to discontinuation of this model due to faults in Central Processing unit. Armed: Particle Disrupter, Sensors: Infra-red, ultra-violet and radar. Appearance: man-like.Intelligenceunit: Fordec 5000. Power Plant -'
'Reported missing' You interrupt the list of specifications.
'Yes, Falcon. SAT Section Chief Agidy Yelov reported that it tried to kill him before escaping into Old Geneva. No witnesses. Some damage to Yelov's office, certainly caused by a Particle Disrupter. No further information.'
If you wish to call up Yelov's file, note the number 15 on your Agent Profile. Whenever you are in your Time Machine and wish to access Yelov's file from CAIN, turn to paragraph 15 after noting the paragraph you are already at, as no options will begiven at the end of it. When you are ready, turn to 243.

18
Your opponent's reactions are even faster than yours. He catches your leg in his hand and then, with amazing strength, begins to crush it slowly. Pain overcomes you and you pass out, never to come round. You have failed, Falcon.

19
You bank and dive as twin laser pulses from the Phocian flash past your ship into the blackness of space. Then the Phocian increases speed. A third, larger ship appears on the Scanner, beyond an Asteroid Belt, and the Corsair changes course to intercept. You match course and increase speed as a second message reaches you, this time from the larger ship. 'This is the Clanship Keladan HI; we are on a priority diplomatic mission. Do not attack, repeat, do not attack. Change course. We are Keladi; do not attack.' You realise that this is the convoy ship carrying Korakiik, and that they will soon be within the attack range of the Phocian Corsair. Do you:

Open fire on the Phocian Corsair with your ship's pulse lasers?
Wait to see what happens?
Turn to 141
Turn to 104

20
You arrive back at Falcon's Wing;and the red light of the brain scanner comes on. As you wait for the green, a security guard approaches, wearing a full-face helmet and power-armour, which is not standard issue. He carries a laser-rifle. 'Excuse me sir,' his voice hisses through the air-escape ducts of his armour. Turning to meet him, do you:

Wait for him to come closer?
Use your power of Psychic Awareness to find out his intentions?
Turn to 154
Turn to 125

21
Bloodhound shouts: 'No, Falcon, Thinkstrike!' Too late, you realise you have made a mistake, for the Creche, although reduced in number to five, are masters of mind control. They take you over, and you draw your blaster and kill Bloodhound before he realises what is happening. Staring in horror at what you have done, you feel your hand turning the blaster towards your own head. The last thing you see before you kill yourself is Agidy Yelov stepping from behind the Time Machine of the Creche. Only Lynx is left to defeat him and the Renegade Lord. You have failed.

22
You leave the Hall of Honours en route for the Eiger Vault and your Time Machine, and approach the hovrail, calling a car to the nearest embarkation point using CAIN and the Service Computer.
Stepping from the TIME building pedway you emerge into the cityscape, to be dwarfed by the tiered office blocks surrounded by housing for the workers and the Prodmarkets which supply them. Jetcopters hum overhead like streams of flies, each one, darting or circling, its pilot intent on reaching particular destin- ations. The lower level streets and pedways are thick with people; those streets which curve up to the higher levels and along the buttresses of the larger buildings bear a steady flow of skimmers, runners sparking as they contact the electrified streetmetal. Some way from the embarkation point you realise that you are being followed. You step from the pedway onto the deserted bay of the Intelfax building. The anonymous figure of an office worker in a one-piece suit steps off the pedway behind you. Do you:

Use your Power of Will to control your follower?
Duckinto a doorway and wait to confront him at close quarters?
Slip through the Intelfax warehouse and lose your pursuer in the lowlife area, Old Geneva?
Turn to 44
Turn to 81
Turn to 10

23
The din of the battle is like a maelstrom around you. Swept on towards Alexander and Speke, you concentrate your mind. You hurl a blast of mental energy at Lord Speke remembering, too late, that his mental defences against Thinkstrike are almost Invincible. Speke is unaffected. You lose confidence in your Thinkstrike ability, subtract one from your Thinkstrike Modifier. Do you:

Use your blaster to kill Lord Speke?
Use your Power of Will to control Lord Speke?
Turn to 41
Turn to 32

24
[score a K]
Clone's mind is a maze of violent and selfish impulses, easily controlled. You make him call off his gang and in amazement they goggle as you force Clone to let you climb up behind him. 'But Machine is dead,' cries one of the women.
Before they can protest further Clone whisks you away to the edge of Old Geneva and you relinquish control of his mind as you step onto the pedway once more.'I'llget you for this, mutie mind-scrambler, they'll never follow me now, I'll remember you...' He is still raving as you near the hovrail embarkation point. Turn to 169.

25
You concentrate your will in a great effort to overcome Lynx, knowing that she has trained for these forms of mental combat and that she will put up a hard struggle. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 135
If you score 2-6, turn to 184

26
You concentrate on an infantry man who has just reloaded his musket and is passing nearby, and try to control him. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 35
If you score 2-4, turn to 411

27
A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma misses your target and smashes a hole in the end wall of the corridor. One of the guards fires his laser rifle as the other runs towards you. He wings you in the side - lose 4 Endurance points. Then, two security droids arrive and your assailants run back down the corridor, darting out of sight. You give your Security Clearance Code and identify yourself. Satisfied, the security droids chase the two would-be assassins and you return to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Turn to 336.

28
The flyer hovers above the palace roof and you jump down from it onto the wood slats, then swing over the edge of the roof and drop to the torch-lit balcony below. As you do so you are noticed by some people in the palace courtyard. There is an uproar. You see that silk curtains are spread across the entrance to the room. Parting them you enter a bedchamber. Inside, sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, treasure chests and tapestries line the walls. The door opens and two men burst in, brandishing swords, alerted by the noise of the crowd. One is a member of the Khan's Imperial Guard, dressed immaculately in black and gold lacquered armour, the other an older man, a general or 'Noyan', wearing a simple wrap-around leather cloak lined with fur. You have no time to draw your blaster as they close to attack. Do you:

Try to Thinkstrike them both?
Use your skill at unarmed combat?
Turn to 54
Turn to 2

29
You flip the safety on your blaster and the charge light registers. You take aim. Make an Attack Roll.
If you scored 2-5, turn to 162
If you scored 6-12, turn to 108

30
You dismount and walk towards the new mental presence, looking carefully about you. Suddenly a drummer boy who had been wandering forlornly up the hillside turns to you and speaks. To your surprise it is a woman's voice - that of Lynx, a Special Agent of TIME, like Bloodhound and yourself. The disguise is perfect - her boyish features are smeared with mud from the battlefield. 'Falcon, Bloodhound, I have a Termination Order for you both from our leader, Agidy Yelov.' With that, she unleashes a Hornet, a miniature guided missile, like an arrow with wings, which jets towards you. Do you:

Try to blast the small and fast moving Hornet out of the air?
Run behind the ambulance which is drawing near?
Turn to 47
Turn to 80

31
You both fire and twin streaks of white-hot lightning burn the Creche to a crisp before they reach the ground. You have defeated the Renegade Lord. Turn to 188.

32
The din of the battle is like a maelstrom around you. Swept on towards Alexander and Speke you concentrate your mind. Speke, too, has mental powers and this will be a difficult struggle. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 4
If you score 2-6, turn to 13
If you score 7, roll again.

33
As you take aim you are hit by the fragments of an energy grenade, fired by the weapon of the second guard, who has a launcher attached to his laser-rifle. You lose 14 Endurance points. If you are still alive you manage to blast. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 57
If you score 2-5, turn to 27

34
While you are deciding what to do, next, blackness engulfs you. Someone has changed the timelines and one of your ancestors has been killed before his time. It is as if you had never existed, You have failed.

35
You bring the soldier under your control and force him to discharge his musket through a crack in the ambulance's side pplanking. Bloodhound suddenly tenses and, drawing his blaster, takes aim at you. You are about to dive onto the ground when the musket goes off and Bloodhound regains control of himself. You run up to the ambulance, but before you arrive the hunt explodes and a flyer accelerates out of it. Six giant ants, their red eyes glaring at you balefully, are clinging onto the honeycomb-like seats. One of them appears to have been killed bya musket ball. You realise it is the Hivers, Creche 82282. The Creche skim low through the smoke of the battlefield, almost faster than the eye can see, making a sonic boom like the explosion of a powder magazine, the ammunition stores for the cannon. As they go you catch the thought that they are heading for the planet Hel. You have succeeded in preserving the past and decide to follow the Creche to Hel. Turn to 161.

36
You give your Epsilon Security Code and the micro-display on your wrist lights up,
SECURITY CLEARANCE CODE INSUFFICIENT
ACCESS DENIED
Knowing that your Epsilon Security Code should be high enough to gain access, you request the level of Security Code necessary. CAIN responds with the information that this report has been reclassified: Access Code Theta. Theta is the level of Security Clearance held by Section Chiefs, and Special Agents cannot cause information to be classified at this level. The Service Computer intones softly: 'You have arrived at the Hall of Honours. Your Graduation is about to commence.' Turn to 110.

37
The Emperor, bewildered by the mental attacks of the Creche, falls easily under your control. You force him to give the order which recalls the Imperial Guard and the attack does not take place. Deprived of reinforcements, Marshal Ney does not fling his men into another attack and both sides,exhausted, are reduced to the occasional cannonade.The Frenchhave won, but it is not a decisive victory.Thirty thousand Frenchmen are dead or wounded;the Russians have lost tenthous and more.
The battlefield is strewn with the dead and dying and they are piled in mounds around the redoubts. You have made sure that history is not changed and you decide to return to Falcon's Wing and follow the Creche to the planet Hel, Turn to 161.

38
You draw the sabre which is part of your uniform and parry Bloodhound's thrust. You have trained a little with the sword and are able to frustrate most of Bloodhound's attacks as he forces you steadily backwards. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 74
If you score 2-6, turn to 61

39
Your mental barrier throws off the mind attack of the drummer boy, and you recognise Lynx, another Special Agent of TIME. The disguise is perfect, her boyish features smeared with mud from the battlefield. Like Bloodhound was, she may well be trying to kill you. Do you:

Thinkstrike her back?
Use your Power of Will on her?
Use your blaster to kill her?
Explain to her that she must not attack you?
Turn to 6
Turn to 25
Turn to 59
Turn to 96

40
The guards are already drunk on Koumiss, fermented mare's milk, and slump to the floor. You slip into the courtyard beyond the gate and approach the palace itself but are faced with another group of guards, resplendent in red and white lacquered armour, who have seen their comrades fall. Seeing you appear suddenly through the gate they cry out and others come running towards you from a nearby barracks, some drawing swords, others readying their bows. Do you:

Pull out your blaster and use it on them?
Run back out of the city, hoping to lose them?
Turn to 139
Turn to 156

41
A white-hot bolt, like lightning, shoots from your blaster, felling Lord Speke. Alexander stares at you in shock, but some of the Macedonians behind you, thinking that you are an evil spirit trying to kill their king, bury their swords in your back. Alexander is slain whilst his attention is on you and you die together. You have failed.

42
You hurl a blast of mental energy at Clone, gesturing majestically as you do so, hoping to scare the low-life gang off. Clone collapses and his bike spins like a top. The others hesitate, astonished. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-3, turn to 72
If you score 4-6, turn to 91

43
Rippingthe ambulance doors open reveals a bizarre sight, six creatures like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation are backinginto a honeycomb structure, their dull, red, compound eyes menacing. One shrivels as the white-hot plasma from your blaster hits home; they were concentrating on controlling Napoleon once more. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer, similar In design to your own and you both throw yourselves back to the ground outside to avoid the Ion Drive exhaust as the flyer explodes from the front of the ambulance. You sense that the six Hiver beings who together are Lord Creche, the Renegade Lord, are flying back to their Time Machine, with one exception. The victim of your Thinkstrike had not reached his seat in the honeycomb. Toppling backwards as the flyer took off, it was vapourised by the Ion Drive. Quickly you search the ambulance and find a small capsule. It is an Interstellar Code, a message from Agidy Yelov to the Creche suggesting that if the mission is aborted, they should effect a rendezvous on planet Hel. As quickly as you can, after checking that the Emperor's Imperial Guard are not advancing, you decide to follow the Creche. Turn to 161.

44
You concentrate your mind, but find no thought patterns to latch onto! Your pursuer is evidently either a cydroid or a robot of advanced design. Do you:

Duck into a doorway and wait to confront him at close quarters?
Slip through the Intelfax warehouse and lose your pursuer in the lowlife area, Old Geneva?
Blast him?
Turn to 3
Turn to 10
Turn to 29

45
Falcon's Wing rematerialises in the Eiger Vault and you follow Bloodhound's hovrail car to TIME headquarters. You are approaching the TIME building when you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. Then you find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien aircraft on the street above you... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

46
Without warning he levels his laser rifle at you as if to fire. You have a brief second in which to save yourself. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 192
If you score 2-6, turn to 180

47
The Hornet quickly picks up speed as it jets towards you. This a difficult test of your markmanship. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 65
If you score 2-7, turn to 88

48
You let loose a blast of mental energy, but to your 1 consternation, feel the interference effect of a Psionic Damper circlet. These are a recent invention of the Hivers. You have no option but to go for your blaster. As you draw your blaster the energy weapon sensors trigger the sirens. If you can stay alive a few moments longer security droids will arrive. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-4, turn to 208
If you score 5 or 6, turn to 218

49
The French have begun to launch an attack on the great earthen ramparts which the Russians are defending, and along the left- hand end of the Russian line. Great columns of blue-coated soldiers toil uphill towards their green-jacketed enemies. The guns roar and belch smoke and the crackle of musket fire begins. Bothsides have magnificently dressed cavalry. Some of these, called Cuirassiers, after the metal breastplate they wear, are big men mounted on what are almost cart-horses. Your own horses, bays, are much nimbler and more fleet of foot, and resemble those nearest to you, a battalion of Polish lancers under Prince Poniatowski's command. Their lance pennants, blue and white, flutter in the wind. Bloodhound asks whether you think it would be better to split up in order to search the battlefield more quickly or to stay together in case of danger. Do you:

Decide to split up?
Stay together?
Turn to 408
Turn to 419

50
You sense that your Thinkstrike has succeeded but still the mental power exists inside the ambulance, confirming that the Renegade Lord is the Creche, the six Hiver beings that form one mind. You have knocked out one of them, weakening their power but they Thinkstrike back at you and you are unable to withstand the force of the mental blast even though it must be weakened. You sink unconscious to the ground. When you awakeBloodhoundislyingnexttoyou.Youshakeyourheadsto clear the pain and look up to see that the Imperial Guard are marching to the attack. The Renegade Lord is changing history. You both begin to run up the hillside and the ambulance comes into view a hundred yards away from the Emperor. Turn to 344.

51
You realisethatcontrolling twootherswillbedifficult,butbend your thought to the task. Luckily they are drunk on Koumiss • fermented mare's milk. One of them removes a strip of raw meat from his sandal and begins to chew on it. The other laughs and says drunkenly: 'Now that you've pressed the blood out of it, can you not be bothered to dry it in the sun ?' Make a Power of Will Roll, as the smell of their unwashed bodies hits you.
If you score 7-12, turn to 257
If you score 2-5, turn to 270
If you score 6, roll again.

52
As you are drawn up into Falcon's Wing you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. Then you find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien craft on the street above you ... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

53
As you approach the ambulance you both pick up another source of mental power, not so strong, but even closer. Bloodhound says that he is going to investigate the newcomer before attacking. Do you:

Go with Bloodhound?
Try to attack the Renegade Lord alone?
Turn to 30
Turn to 7

54
You unleash a surge of mental energy at both of the Mongols. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 103
If you score 2-6, turn to 90

55
Your blaster cuts down several of the bikers, including their leader, Clone, and more pile in to vehicles which career out of control, rocking on their cushions of air. But you don't have time to deal with them all. Turn to 91.

56
You call up the Free Fall Recreation Centre at Spiro's Ringworld, a massive wheel-like world-in-miniature, orbiting earth. Their holo-coordinator seems to appear in your Time Machine. She is a striking girl, her skin tinted blue with orange flashes. She puts you through to Lord Pilota's personal assistant. He is a bony, hollow-cheeked man, showing signs of the Medawar Syn- drome, the onset of rapid ageing. You identify yourself and ask for Her Lordship and the hologram winks out momentarily. When the holo-picture of the assistant reappears, he says: 'Lord Pilota is temporarily indisposed. Under no circumstances may she be contacted at the moment. If you would care to visit Spiro's Ringworld, however, she will be pleased to grant you immediate audience, as she believes she has some information which may interest you, as an Agent of the TIME Police.'
With that, he breaks contact and the blue-skinned coordinator Informs you that the line has been closed to all callers and asks: 'What is that weird spaceship you're in?' CAIN informs you that in lieu of requisitioning a shuttle from the Eiger Base you could dock at Spiro's Ringworld in eighteen minutes. Ignoring the holo- coordinator, you decide to set off for Spiro's Ringworld. Turn to 335

57
Your aim was true. A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma erupts against one of the guards. He is blown back against the end wall of the corridor and then slumps to the floor. The second guard runs off as two security droids arrive. You walk up to the fallen man after giving your Security Code to the hovering droids as they aim their stun-lasers at you. You identify yourself. Satisfied, they begin to hunt the second assassin. Your fallen assailant is dying, there is nothing you can do. You ask who sent him, and lean close to hear him gasp: 'Time Lord ...', but the rest is lost in a spasm of coughing as he dies. You head back to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Turn to 336.

58
Suddenly an arrow glances from the shield which Alexander has taken from his fallen shieldbearer, and pierces his thigh. He stumbles and drops his sword. The archer rushes in to kill him but the King picks up his sword and/with a last great effort, runs the man through. Alexander is almost done for, but the Macedonians will reach him soon and Lord Speke is amongst the first of them. Do you:

Use your Power of Will on Lord Speke?
Draw your blaster and kill Lord Speke?
Thinkstrike Lord Speke?
Turn to 32
Turn to 41
Turn to 23

59
[score a D]
Lynx is well-trained in combat, but you pull out your blaster in a single blur of movement, knowing that she will attack your mind again if, in your haste, you miss. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 168
If you score 2-6, turn to 184

60
You give your Epsilon Security Code and the micro-display on your wrist lights up.
Section Chief Yelov unavailable at time of transmission. (Vacation.) Section Chief Jobanque (Head of TIM, Temporal Irregularity Monitoring), received last trans- mission of Agent Q, and passed to Section Chief Yelov on his return to active duty thirty-seven minutes before your meeting with Yelov.
Will you:

Ask CAIN where Agidy Yelov spent his vacation?
Ask to see the last file which Special Agent Q transmitted to Agidy Yelov?
Turn to 101
Turn to 36

61
Bloodhound is strong. The heavy butt of the musket narrowly misses your head, but smashes your collarbone and dislocates your shoulder. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your shoulder pops painfully back into its rightful place, you grab the musket and struggle with Bloodhound, rolling down the hillside together trying to wrench the musket from each other's grasp, Bloodhound tries to strangle and kick you and you are bruised and exhausted by the time you break the Renegade Lord's control of his will.Bloodhound stops fighting and you both look up to see that the Imperial Guard are marching to the attack. The Renegade Lord is changing history. You begin to run up the hillside and the ambulance comes into view a hundred yard away from the Emperor. Turn to 344.

62
You wake up dazed, in a detention cubicle at TIME head quarters. Your arms and legs are secured through holes in couch upon which you are lying and you no longer have you helmet. You have been heavily sedated, but now you can see that the drummer boy was in fact Special Agent Lynx. She is still dressed in her drummer's uniform but her hair falls freely about her shoulders now that she has taken her shako-helmet off. She looks pleased with herself. Behind her, Yelov, amber eyes glinting, also looks satisfied. Suddenly all goes blank. Your last sight is of Yelov beginning to laugh as both you and Agent Lynx wink out. He has tricked her. It is as if you both had never existed. You have failed.

63
You cruise about the city, unseen in the darkness. Torches light some of the streets and there are fires at some of the crossroads around which people are dancing. Will you:

Hover above the pagoda-like roof of the palace, which is well lit, and climb down to the balcony where Ogedai showed himself to the crowd?
Hover above the gardens behind the palace, which are large and unlit and climb down the flyer's rope ladder?
Turn to 28
Turn to 16

64
You drive your fist towards your pursuer's temple. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 406
If you score 2-6, turn to 233

65
Your aim is true and the Hornet explodes like a shell soon after it leaves Lynx's hands, startling her. You run in and aim a karate kick at her, while Bloodhound tries to wrestle her to the floor.
Turn to 339.

66
The melee rages around you. The Macedonians fighting with dreadful ferocity are advancing towards Alexander, who is beset by soldiers, backed up against a tree, a ring of dead bodies surrounding him. The townspeople are hesitating before risking a cut from his sword, but the King is obviously tiring. Suddenly your Psychic Awareness tells you that Lord Speke is ahead of you, fighting his way towards Alexander. Turn to 58.

67
You force Napoleon to recall the Imperial Guard and Ney, deprived of his reinforcements, does not launch his men in another attack. Beside you, Bloodhound suddenly tenses and draws his blaster, as if to shoot you. Do you:

Thinkstrike Bloodhound?
Use your blaster on him?
Turn to 292
Turn to 248

68
Only one collapses, but the other clutches his head. He screams out: 'Evil Spirits, Evil Spirits, help me!' Twenty or more guards some running from the building outside which the horses are tethered. Whispering together, they look out into the shadows, tearfully. Strengthening their resolve, they fan out towards you in four groups, drawing their swords. You cannot use your blaster in the darkness. Do you:

Run back to your flyer?
Hide in a stand of cherry trees?
Turn to 401
Turn to 412

69
You pull out your blaster as the energy weapon sensors trigger the sirens. If you can stay alive a few moments longer security droids will arrive. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-4, turn to 33
If you score 5 or 6, turn to 158

70
Your blast catches Bloodhound in the shoulder as he ducks, and spins him backwards towards the gas-tank that is in fact his Time Machine. He staggers inside the hologram and you hear the sound of the hatch opening. Do you:

Rise up through the hatch, blasting?
Use your Power of Will to try to control him?
Turn to 75
Turn to 95

71
You approach the second Phocian Corsair ship and notice a guard on watch. Your Psychic Awareness tells you nothing, but he is not alert. You decide to Thinkstrike him and the power of your mental attack makes the tired guard unconscious. You board the sleek, arrow-shaped ship, passing through the small hold and up the stairwell to the bridge and sleeping quarters. These small ships were built for a one- or two- man operation Their design is archaic to your eyes, but the ship computer assists you to pilot the vessel. The scanners show the other Phocian ship climbing into orbit, soon to leave the atmosphere Wasting no time, you secure yourself in the oddly-shaped, free fall couch, and gun the Phocian pirate ship into the sky, on the trail of her sister ship. As you clear the atmosphere, locked on to the other Phocian's course, its pilot hails you on the ship-to-ship Lascom. Your ship computer picks up the coded bursts of low intensity laser light and converts them to speech. 'Why are you following me?' Do you:

Ignore the laser communication?
Tell the Phocian that he is under mind control?
Open fire on the Phocian with the ship's Pulse Lasers?
Turn to 136
Turn to 155
Turn to 172

72
'A mental, a mutie mental,' shouts one of the gang, starting a hysterical screaming. Some drag Clone's hovbike to safety whilst others turn tail and scud into the maze of alleys criss- crossing the old city. Thankful that they are terrified of psionics, you find your way out of Old Geneva as quickly as possible and make your way to the hovrail embarkation point. Turn to 169.

73
While you dismount and look around, trying to locate the source of the mental powers which you sense, an infantry battalion passes you, marching to the attack. You are within a hundred yards of Marshal Poniatowski and his staff when the battalion's drummer boy, in the rear rank, stops drumming and turns towards you. You look at him suspiciously as he frowns in your direction. Before you can look into his mind you realise that he is attacking you with a blast of mental power, a Thinkstrike! You were half ready for this and you put up a mental barrier. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 4-12, turn to 39
If you score 2-3, turn to 62

74
Bloodhound is strong and when he misses you with the musket the force with which it hits the ground snaps it like a twig. You try to control his mind but he throws himself at you and you tumble down the hillside, locked together. Bloodhound tries to strangle and kick you. You are bruised and exhausted, by the time you break the Renegade Lord's control of his will. Lose 3 Endurancepoints. Bloodhound stops fighting and you both look up to see that the Imperial Guard are marching to the attack. The Renegade Lord is changing history. You begin to run up the hillside and the ambulance comes into view a hundred yards away from the Emperor. Turn to 344.

75
Bloodhound is sprawled in his Autodoc, ready for you. As you aim your blaster, lit in the glow of the Access Disc, so the superheated plasma from his weapon catches you. in the belly, turning your guts to steam. Death is instantaneous. You have failed.

76
You strap yourself into the crash couch, which at a command from CAIN, moves backwards and swivels upwards into your flyer and the flyer's cockpit canopy clicks into place. The Launch Doors at the top of Falcon's Wing slide apart and the flyer is catapulted into the outside air. Turn to 400.

77
Throwing up your shield arm you manage to deflect the arrow and jump down into the melee below you. Turn to 66.

78
The translucent ruby laser beam pierces clean through your left shoulder, almost cutting off your arm as you roll to the ground. At least the wound is cauterised, and there is not much blood. Lose 10 Endurance points. Still rolling, will you:

Thinkstrike?
Pull out your blaster?
Turn to 48
Turn to 69

79
Napoleon's will is too strong for you and you realise you cannot control him. In your efforts, you have failed to notice Bloodhound beside you, controlled by the Renegade Lord, tense up and draw his blaster. As you turn towards him he pulls the trigger and you are vapourised. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

80
You drop into the long grass beside the ambulance and the Hornet drops down towards you, shattering as it hits the side of the ambulance, which you placed between it and yourself. Unfortunately, it does not explode and damage the ambulance, perhaps because its microcomputer registers the fact that it has not found its target. Bloodhound moves in to attack Lynx hand- to-hand, as she closes in on you and at the same moment you sense that the Renegade Lord is reaching out to control the Emperor's mind, realising that using your mental powers will give your position away, will you:

Run to help Bloodhound against Lynx, who is a master at unarmed combat?
Use Power of Will on the Renegade Lord?
Jump into the ambulance?
Turn to 102
Turn to 131
Turn to 362

81
You flatten yourself in a doorway of the Intelfax warehouse, listening to the measured tread of your pursuer. He appears before the doorway and swivels his head in your direction, a forgettable but immaculate face, not a hair out of place. Do you:

Thinkstrike your pursuer?
Punch to disable him?
Turn to 217
Turn to 64

82
For three hours you circle the hill near Shevardino on which Napoleon's Command Post is set up, but there is no sign of the Renegade Lord. At one time, Napoleon is forced to receive the attentions of an Army surgeon and you overhear a rumour that he may have had a minor stroke. He recovers, however, and you continue your vigil. Bloodhound looks at you and motions you to concentrate - soon you can feel a presence approaching, a very strong mental presence. Your heads turn as one towards a strange contraption coming nearer Napoleon and his escort. Two horses, one behind the other, are harnessed to a wooden, covered wagon with two small holes high up on either side for windows and doors which open at the back. A medical orderly is riding the first of the horses. It is one of the first ambulances ever made of the pattern designed by Baron Larrey, a French Army Surgeon, in 1805. The strength of the mental presence within the ambulance leads you to believe that the Renegade Lord must be inside, and you prepare to attack together. Turn to 53.

83
The Creche tumble, stunned, onto the tree carpet and you move forward to make sure of your victory. Suddenly, Agidy Yelov, wearing a Psionic Damper Circlet on his head, that gives protection from mental attacks, appears from behind the Creche's Time Machine and a bolt of white lightning leaps from his blaster, burning the Hivers to a crisp. You hesitate in surprise as he turns to you, his blaster pointing at the ground. 'Well done Falcon, Bloodhound. Of course you know that I had set up a trap for the Renegade Lord, but I really must congratulate you for a truly outstanding performance against the Creche.' Bloodhound looks at you to see what you will do. Will you:

Blast Yelov?
Await Yelov's orders?
Turn to 259
Turn to 120

84
For ten minutes you race through the confusion of the battlefield towards your Time Machines as the Imperial Guard approach the Russians. It is too late to call off the attack now. MarshalNey has flung his men at the Russians, confident of success now that he has reinforcements. Unfortunately, your ancestor, the young hussar, is killed leading the charge and all goes black. He will never have the son who would have carried on the bloodline which leads to you. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed.

85
Your Thinkstrike fails and you try to tell her that for the sake of the Space Federation she must listen to what you have to say.
Turn to 96.

86
Before you can pull your arm down from your head to your blaster. Bloodhound's finger triggers a bolt of superheated plasma which catches you in the face. Death is instantaneous, you are completely unrecognisable. You have failed.

87
[score a C]
Pilota responds, her voice high-pitched in the thin air, 'I noticed yesterday that someone has spent much time researching the history of Earth around the Timehole of 1241 AD. A very great deal of time, according to the Central Library Log. I suggest you make it your first mission to investigate that Timehole, just in case someone is doing something they shouldn't be. I know that there isn't much to go on here; call it a hunch if you like, but I would appreciate it if you would move quickly and check that all is well.'
You decide to keep your real mission secret and return to Earth for further information. Saluting Pilota and taking your leave, you are back at the console of your Time Machine within thirty minutes. CAIN confirms that what Pilota says about the library is true and that Pilota herself is not the one who has researched this part of Earth history.

If you have seen a man in golden armour called Iskander, turn to 114. If you have seen a Phocian pirate, turn to 34.

If you have seen neither of these, will you:

Try to follow Lord Speke into the past?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados in 3033 AD?
Move back into the Timehole in 1241 AD, the time of the mongols?
Spend some time in your Autodoc before continuing?
Turn to 22
Turn to 28
Turn to 414
Turn to 196

88
You miss the Hornet and it finds its target. To your surprise it is not filled with explosive but with a drug which sends you quickly to sleep. You wake again some minutes later to find Lynx and Bloodhound struggling on the ground, locked in combat.BloodhoundisbleedingbadlyandLynxismanoeuvring so that she can finish him off with the knife she is wielding. You move quietly over and chop her in the back of the neck, knocking her out cold. Bloodhound sighs with relief and thanks you. Looking around, you take stock of the situation. Everybody has moved off down the hill towards the line of battle. The Imperial Guard are marching to the attack and the ambulance, too, is trundling away down the hill. Napoleon has ordered the attack and the Renegade Lord has changed the past. Turn to 344.

89
You were not fast enough. Two blasts of plasma at short range vapourise most of your body. You have confronted the Renegade Lord but failed at the last moment.

90
They hold their heads in pain, but the Imperial guard recovers and attacks you ferociously. You manage to keep out of his way for a time, dodging and weaving, but cannot find a way past the swirling of his sword and soon others pour into the room from the banqueting hall below and you are taken. The fate of the Khan's assassin is not a pleasant one. They discuss your punishment which will be to have molten silver poured into your eyes and ears, before you are boiled alive, a death reserved for their respected enemies. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

91
Despite the fall of Clone, they come on, howling for revenge and you are faced with a solid wall of spiked steel. You are dashed backwards into Machine's bike and before you can pull yourself up, one of them turns off his hover rotor, allowing his bike to settle heavily on your legs. Several others dismount, laughing cruelly. You stare at the spiked metal-capped boots which soon start to kick you senseless. Grabbing your helmet, they leave you for dead. Lose 16 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you cannotuse your mental powers until you have taken a new helmet from the equipment locker of your Time Machine.
You wake up in the Health Executive Hospital, a medtech orderlybending over you, saying, 'We've put you back together again - Rapid Tissue Regeneration. I'm afraid you may find a slight weakness in the right knee. Subtract one from your Evasion Modifier but restore your Endurance to 18. Declining further sedation you discharge yourself from the hospital and board a hovrail car in the Vault. Leaving the car at the Eiger Vault you walk to the Checkpoint outside the enormous plasteel doors where your ID chip is checked and the Mind Scanner is used to double check that you are Falcon. You step through a small personnel door, past two security droids and into the cavern which houses the TimeMachines and the Research Section of TIME. The area in which the machines are kept is partitioned at intervals and you head straight for your own bay. In the centre of the bay which is lined on three sides with racks carrying maintenance equip- ment, spare parts, the Variac Drive Recharger and sundry other useful items, lies Falcon's Wing. You approach the Access Hatch and the Mind Scanner lights up red and then green and you are drawn up into the machine by invisible Tractor Beams, activated by CAIN. Soon you are standing on the glowing Access Disc and CAIN chimes, 'Welcome, Falcon.' Turn to 210.

92
You soon detect a hologram of trees at the forest's edge, further from the village. You approach it warily but are jarred backwards by an invisible force-field that glows orange as you touch it. Lose 2 Endurance points.
You are amazed that such a field can be generated from so small an area as the inside of a Time Machine. This is beyond the technology of Earth. You cannot even approach closely enough to see through the hologram and confirm whose the Time Machine is. You have no choice but to follow the flyer to Karakorum. Turn to 76.

93
You wend your way through the fog of battle but your horse catches its foot in a burrow and goes lame. You abandon it and continue on foot, but in the cannon smoke you lose your way. The sound of firing is all around you and you mistake some Russians for Frenchmen who are withdrawing for a new attack When the srnoke clears you realise you have wandered close to the Russians. Bugles sound behind you and a charge of French infantry is launched with Marshal Ney at their head. The Frenchmen, singing the Marseillaise, come on shoulder-to- shoulder, magnificent in their blue and white uniforms. You are swept up in the charge and carried forward, unable to do anything against the hundreds of men, exhilarated in the heat of battle. On the redoubt ahead of you, the Russian commander, Prince Bagration, rides out in front of his line of green jacketed men and salutes the French columns, crying in French, 'Bravo, messieurs, c'est superbe!' As you approach Bagration's men they unleash a hail of musket fire and you take this opportunity to throw yourself to the ground as if dead, and let the charge pass over you.
Afterwards, battered and muddied, you pick yourself up. You have found no trace of the Renegade Lord and you decide to return to Napoleon's Command Post at Shevardino in case Bloodhound needs help. You are approaching the Command Post when Bloodhound rides to greet you. You tell him of your experiences and decide to look for Murat, the King of Naples, when you both feel a presence approaching, a very strong mental presence. Your heads turn as one towards a strange contraption coming nearer Napoleon and his escort. Two horses, one behind the other, are harnessed to a wooden, covered wagon with two small holes high up on either side for windows and doors which open at the back. A medical orderly is riding the first of the horses. It is one of the first ambulances ever made of the pattern designed by Baron Larrey, a French Army Surgeon, in 1805. The strength of the mental presence within the ambulance leads you to believe that the Renegade Lord must be inside, and you prepare to attack together. Turn to 53.

94
You cut him down and leap over the wall, closely followed by other Macedonians and Persians, one of whom shouts, 'Bravely done, Man.' Your shield stops two arrows, but others behind you are not so lucky. Archers in the towers of the wall are finding their mark. Turn to 66.

95
You reach out with your thoughts and contact Bloodhound's mind, inside his Machine, in an attempt to control him. He is wounded so he will have less resistance, as his mind is distracted. However, he also has powers of the mind. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 126
If you score 2-5, turn to 99
If you score a 6, roll again.

96
As soon as you open your mouth to shout against the din of battle she hurls a throwing knife at you in one lithe, fluid movement. You try to throw yourself to the ground to avoid the spinning blade that is about to transfix you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 184
If you score 2-5, turn to 240

97
With a great effort you manage to dominate their wills, holding them under control. You walk up to them and order them to take you to Ogedai Khan and to pretend you are a messenger. They walk through the door with a rolling, bandy-legged gait and you follow entering a store room lined with barrels of Koumiss, fermented mare's milk. A row of carcasses hangs on hooks above a smoking fire. In the corner lies the huddled form of an unconscious mongol, obviously drunk. The two guards lead you out of a door opposite into a banqueting hall whose walls are lined with gold, the plunder of half the world. It is full of mongols, eating and drinking. To your surprise there are no tables, but a great fire has been lit in the centre of the hall. Musicians are playing fast rhythmic music and some of the mongols strut around the fire, showing off the splendour of their leather coats, decorated and lined with fur. Others are still gorging themselves, tearing chunks of meat from whole carcasses with their hunting knives. As the music quickens, some begin to whirl and leap around the fire, dancing wildly. Your guards lead you up a wooden stairway just to the left of the storeroom door. Turn to 278.

98
You roll to one side as a translucent beam of ruby light connects the tip of the laser-rifle to the end of the corridor. Still rolling do you:

Thinkstrike?
Pull out your blaster?
Turn to 48
Turn to 69

99
The battle is fierce but soon Bloodhound is attacking your mind and before you can recover he has blasted you again. You double up as the plasma bolt hits your side - lose 13 Endurancepoints. If you are still alive, you find yourself too stunned to do anything. Bloodhound walks over to your stricken body and levels his weapon for the final blast. 'Wait, Bloodhound! Kill me and the population of all Earth and the colonies may perish. I am helpless, but look at CAIN's memory banks before you void me.' He hesitates, then drags you into Falcon's Wing and ties you up. Examining CAIN's records, it soon becomes obvious to him that you are on a vitally important mission and that his mission to kill you must be abandoned. He unties you, but your wounds are so bad you must subtract one from your Evasion Modifier.
Bloodhound says, 'I'm sorry, Falcon, someone has used me, someone who wants the timelines to be changed.'
'Who gave the order to kill me?' you ask.
'Our Section Chief, Agidy Yelov,' he replies. 'He told me you had killed Lord Kirik.'
'But Kirik has only been dead a matter of minutes,' you tell him.
Bloodhound pauses, then says, 'Yes, of course, Falcon, how can he know of Kirik's death so soon? Either he was responsible or he is in league with the traitor that did it.' Your Section Chief is working with the Renegade Lord. Turn to 255.

100
AH you approach the carriage the mind inside senses you and you are locked in a battle of wills. It is a battle which you are hound to lose as the Renegade Lord's mind is stronger than yours. All of your being is taken up with the struggle when, abruptly,the attack ceases. You shake your head dizzily, but it is only the lull before the storm. A wave of mental energy flows intoyou and your brain goes haywire. You seem to feel hot, cold,rain and fire all at once. It is as if you can see all colours at once and myriad voices speak in every language you have ever studied. Your brain overheats, literally burning itself out like a faulty electric motor. You are a zombie, incapable of thought, swayingon your horse and gurgling like a baby. You have failed.

101
The readout changes:
Agent Yelov was at the residence of TIMELORD«»««
TIMELORD IDENTITY SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OMEGA
NO FURTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE
END OF EXCHANGE
Before you can ask for more information the Service Computer intones softly, 'You have arrived at the Hall of Honours, your graduation is about to commence.' Turn to 110.

102
Lynx has drawn a knife on Bloodhound and though he is very strong, he is no match for her and is already bleeding badly. They are locked together and you cannot use your blaster. Do you:

Thinkstrike Lynx?
Join in the combat with a karate kick against Lynx?
Turn to 164
Turn to 186

103
They both slump to the floor, stunned, and you move quickly to Ogedai's bedside. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death look natural you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours but he is too weak to resist. Ogedai's face turns purple as he dies. Suddenly, the door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard rush in and charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 143
If you score 2-5, turn to 201

104
Suddenly the screen flares as the Phocian Corsair opens fire on the Keladi ship, its lasers piercing the hull of the larger ship which lurches sickeningly. You decide to open fire in order to prevent the death of the envoy, Korakiik, realising that whoever is controlling the Phocian desires war between the Keladi and Earth. You are too late. As your finger moves to the fire button the Corsair rakes the envoy's ship again with its Pulse Lasers. There is a brilliant explosion which fills the scanner screen with light and then you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. You find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien aircraft on the street above you... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

105
A brilliant white bolt of burning plasma takes your would-be assassin in the chest, knocking him backwards and taking his life as it melts through his armour. You kneel by him as a security droid arrives. Seeing signs of life in his eyes, though he is beyond help, you ask who sent him to kill you. 'One of the Lords...' His words are choked off by a rattling cough as the blood from his lungs begins to spill from his mouth and death takes him.
The security droid hovers towards you, its stun-lance aimed. You hand over your identification and report what happened. A message appears in red on the screen set in the droid's chest. 'ID - Passed. Your story coincides with videographic evidence. A report will be filed. Please continue your business.'And it begins to drag the body of your assailant out of the bay. Turn to 336.

106
I ho outside camera begins to swivel, showing you the land all around. Behind you is a forest, shrouded in snow, and the Hologram Generator disguises Falcon's Wing as part of this forest. You are on high ground and to the right you can see a village with a pall of smoke rising above it. Outside the village is a mound of bodies, each missing both ears. The mongols have been busy. Ahead, the frosted ground falls away into a wide river valley. The river is frozen over but you can plainly see its gracefulcurves stretching to a walled city a few miles away. Here and there on the plain you can see parties of horsemen riding swiftly. You ask CAIN for some historical information. CAIN responds. 'It is winter, 1241 AD. The city you see is Vienna and the river, the Danube. The mongol horde led by the general, Subatai, has conquered Russia and Poland, and defeated a western army at Liegnitz, before overrunning Hungary.They are a few miles from Vienna, poised to ravage the rest of Europe. Their ruler is Ogedai, son of Ghenghis Khan. He will die within the next few days and when the news reaches the Golden Horde, they must, under Ghengis Khan's code of law, the Yasa, return to the mongol capital, Karakorum, to decide who will succeed him. Vienna will not fall and Europe will be saved.'
You break in, 'And if Ogedai should live?'
CAIN continues, The likelihood is that Europe would be overrun and the timelines changed beyond recognition. Civilisation would be set back a thousand years.'
As you reach for your holo-detector, a black disc-like shape crosses your path of vision, streaking skyward with a sound like a thunderclap. CAIN chimes, 'A small Ion Drive craft, probably a flyer, has taken off nearby.' You ask for an estimate of its destination and CAIN responds, 'I estimate China. The mongol capital, Karakorum, is in China, Falcon.' Do you:

Leave Falcon's Wing and try to find the Time Machine which launched the flyer?
Get into your own flyer and race to Karakorum?
Turn to 92
Turn to 76

107
Bloodhound passes out, slumping to the floor of the refuelling bay. You drag him to Falcon's Wing and tie him up in front of CAIN, removing his Psionic Enhancer helmet as you do so. When he comes round you show him CAIN's records. It soon becomes obvious to him that you are on a vitally important mission and that his mission to kill you must be abandoned. You untie him and return his helmet. Bloodhound says, I'm sorry, Falcon, someone has used me, someone who wants the timelines to be changed.'
'Who gave the order to kill me?' you ask.
'Our Section Chief, Agidy Yelov,' he replies. 'He told me you had killed Lord Kirik.'
'But Kirik has only been dead a matter of minutes,' you tell him.
Bloodhound pauses then says, 'Yes, of course, Falcon, how can he know of Kirik's death so soon? Either he was responsible or he is in league with the traitor that did it.' Your Section Chief is working with the Renegade Lord. Turn to 255.

108
A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma strikes the cydroid which short-circuits in a flood of sparks and pitches forward, inert. A nearby Plasma Sensor begins to flash, signalling Citpol Enforcers, the civil police. A blue and gold Citpol jetcopter lands nearby as you examine the charred remains of the cydroid, but the damage is too severe for you to gain a clue as to its origins. Two Enforcers alight from their 'copter, pointing their stun- lances at you. 'Let's see your ID.' You produce your ID chip and hand it to the one who spoke, still covered by the other. He clips it into his Remote Access Terminal (RAT) on his arm and a look of disappointment crosses his features, as he realises who you are. 'What's been going on here?' he says. You report exactly what happened and he returns your chip and turns to examine the cydroid. Turn to 137.

109
Ney nods and, wheeling his horse, canters back towards the battle lines with his staff and you set off towards the hill at Shevardino, where Bloodhound has gone to watch over Napoleon. Turn to 145.

110
The silver doors hiss apart, affording you your first view of the Hall of Honours, which boasts a marble floor and colonnades. In the centre is a large oaken table, in the shape of a horseshoe, the only wood in the TIME building, around which sit the five Lords of TIME. Your Universal Translator synthesises an unusual waterygurgling into words of welcome that sound in your ear:
Welcome, Agent Falcon, never has a candidate graduated from the Academy with so high a score.' Your self-control allows you to smother any outward betrayal of surprise at the sight of the being which greets you. Submerged in a huge tank, along with some small aquatic mammals, is what looks like a giant lobster with bloated bluish brain-sacs floating under its spiked carapace. It waves a fearsome purplish pincer and clicks and gurgles: 'I am Time Lord Kirik of the Keladi.'
You bow respectfully and turn to look at the other Lords. You recognise Lord Speke, a dapper little Earther in a Navy 'dress uniform'. On his left sits a squat, humanoid figure, with blue •kin and a mane of bristling white hairs - Lord Silvermane of Rigel Prime. On the other side of the table sits Lord Pilota, a seven-foot tall Lastlander woman with the fragile build and sharp-boned features of all those who live on that low gravity world. She is supported in her chair by a hydraulic exoskeleton which gives her the appearance of a robot, but it is the fifth Lord of TIME sitting on her right who looks the strangest of them all. A network of silica, like an oversized honeycomb, rests on the floor. Inside each of the six cells of the honeycomb is what looks like a giant ant, swathed in silk, like a cocoon. Their front parts protrude from the silk, plainly showing dull-red, compound eyes and wicked looking mandibles which are in constant motion. Collectively, they are called The Creche 82282 and they are six parts of a communal mind, in constant mind-link with each other. They are Hivers, a separate part of the Hive.
The ceremony is brief; you swear an oath of allegiance to TIME and are duly commissioned as a Special Agent. Pilota rises and steps forward, uncomfortable in the relatively high gravity of earth, and pins your wings to your chest. Your Universal Translator renders a mixed babel of applause. The ceremony is drawing to a close and you still have little information on the Lords of TIME. You know that this will be your last chance to meet them together in the same room for some time, perhaps for ever. If you know why Section Chief Yelov did not contact you until the last minute about your mission, turn to 153. If you do not, will you:

Use your Psychic Awareness to contact one of them mentally?
Ask if any of them have travelled in time since the death of Agent Q?
Smile and make a short speech of thanks?
Turn to 121
Turn to 140
Turn to 167

111
He steps back and a Macedonian behind shouts 'Move On!' and you are pushed onto the parapet from behind. The Indian jabs you in the thighs. Lose 6 Endurance points. He is soon overwhelmed, but a hail of arrows rains down from the towers of the wall, and you jump down to the ground inside the city. The arrows claim the Macedonian who shoved you and he falls dead at your feet. Turn to 66.

112
The bear is not much shorter than you, but must be twice as heavy and the prospect of wrestling with it is daunting. You leap and kick towards its snout. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 3
If you score 2-5, turn to 318

113
You twist and side-kick the General in the throat, knocking him senseless. The Emperor's guard aims a vicious sword cut at your head, but you duck and, spinning quickly, sweep his legs from under him. He falls to the ground with a clatter of armour and you chop down hard onto the back of his neck with your elbow, and he slumps, unmoving. You move quickly to Ogedai's bedside. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death look natural you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. Ogedai's face turns purple as he dies. Suddenly, the door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard rush in and charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 143
If you score 2-5, turn to 201


114
As the fading chimes of CAIN echo in your ears darkness engulfs you. You find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien craft on the street above you... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

115
They shake their heads and, making signs to ward off evil spirits, stare out into the darkness. Do you:

Try to Thinkstrike them?
Use your blaster to fry them?
Turn to 369
Turn to 387


116
A brilliant white bolt of burning plasma takes your would-be assassin in the chest, knocking him backwards and taking his life as it melts through his armour. You kneel by him as a security droid arrives. Seeing signs of life in his eyes, though he is beyond help, you ask who sent him to kill you. 'One of the Lords ...' His words are choked off by a rattling cough as the blood from his lungs begins to spill from his mouth and death takes him. You may take his Psionic Damper Circlet, if you wish. Add it to your Agent Profile.
The security droid comes towards you, its stun-lance aimed, and you hand over your identification and report what happened. A message appears in red on the screen set in the droid's chest. 'ID - Passed. Your story coincides with videographic evidence. A report will be filed. Please continue your business,' and it begins to drag the body of your assailant out of the bay. Turn to 336.

117
Bloodhound's mental defences are enough to shrug off your Thinkstrike. While you pause to collect your thoughts after your effort, he blasts you once again. You double up as the plasma bolt hits your side -lose 13 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you find yourself too stunned to do anything. Bloodhound walks over to your stricken body and levels his weapon for the final blast. 'Wait, Bloodhound! Kill me and the population of all earth and the colonies may perish. I am helpless, but look at CAIN's memory banks before you void me.' He hesitates , then drags you into Falcon's Wing and ties you up. Examining CAIN's records, it soon becomes obvious to him that you are on a vitally important mission and that his mission to kill you must be abandoned. He unties you, but your wounds are so bad you must subtract one from your Evasion Modifier. Bloodhound says, 'I'm sorry. Falcon, someone has used me, someone who wants the timelines to be changed.'
'Who gave the order to kill me?' you ask.
'Our Section Chief, Agidy Yelov,' he replies. 'He told me you had killed Lord Kirik.'
'But Kirik has only been dead a matter of minutes,' you tell him.
Bloodhound pauses then says, 'Yes, of course, Falcon. How can he know of Kirik's death so soon? Either he was responsible or he is in league with the traitor that did it.' Your Section Chief is working with the Renegade Lord. Turn to 255.

118
Your blast of mental energy has overcome Lynx's defences and she slumps to the ground, inert. She comes round quickly. Holding her at blaster point, you open your mind to her as she recovers and she is able to see you are fighting for a just and important cause. She explains that she had been sent by Agidy Yelov to kill or capture you, believing you to be a highly dangerous traitor. You explain the current situation to her and she decides to help you with your mission. Turn to 219.

119
As you turn the corner into the corridor leading to the bay which houses Falcon's Wing, you see two security guards approaching. They are wearing power-armour and full-face helmets which are not standard issue. One of them raises his laser-rifle, aiming at you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 98
If you score 2-5, turn to 78

120
Instead of asking you to help with the bodies of the Hivers, Yelov swings up his blaster and fires. He is very quick and his aim is true. You are hurled backwards and find yourself, badly wounded, falling through a gap in the foliage to the leaf mould which covers the ground below. Seconds later, Bloodhound falls a few yards away from you. He is unconscious. One of the trees seems to bend slightly above him. Suckers which sprout from its trunk begin to converge on him slowly. They wrap around him and he begins to dissolve. You too are caught by tentacles and you hear Yelov's laughter deadened by the foliage as you succumb to the man- eating tree. You have failed.

121
Who will you try to contact first:

Silvermane?
Pilota?
Speke?
The Creche?
Kirik?
Turn to 280
Turn to 260
Turn to 241
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

122
[score a G]
Once again you are at the forest's edge, overlooking the Danube and Vienna.The nearby village of Ramallolies under a pall of smoke. The mongols have finished their grisly work and a pile of corpses which lack ears lies near the edge of the village. You can see your own footsteps, muddled with hoofprints on the ground outside.
As you reach for your Holo-detector, a black disc-like shape crosses your path of vision, streaking skyward with a sound like athunderclap.CAINchimes,'AsmallIonDrivecraft,probablya flyer, has taken off nearby.' You ask for an estimate of its destination and CAIN responds, 'I estimate China. The mongol capital,Karakorum,isinChina,Falcon.Letmeremindyouthat Ogedai Khan should be dying there even now. If he lives all Europe will be ravaged by the Golden Horde and civilisation will be set back a thousand years.' Do you:

Leave Falcon's Wing and try to find the Time Machine which launched the flyer?
Get into your own flyer and race to Karakorum?
Turn to 92
Turn to 76

123
You spur your horse forward towards Murat and his staff when the source of the mental power comes into view. Two horses, one behind the other, are harnessed to a wooden, covered wagon with two small holes high up on either side for windows and doors which open at the back. A medical orderly is riding the first of the horses. It is one of the first ambulances ever made of the pattern designed by Baron Larrey, a French Army Surgeon, in 1805. You sense the strength of the mind within the strange carriage and its power seems awesome to you. As you watch, you can feel the mind reaching out to control Murat, King of Naples, Do you:

Ride towards the carriage to foil the attempt to control Murat?
Go back for Bloodhound so that you can combine your powers?
Turn to 100
Turn to 93

124
You sense that your Thinkstrike has succeeded but still the mental power exists inside the ambulance, confirming that t h e Renegade Lord is the Creche, the six Hiver beings that form one mind. You run up to the ambulance but before you arrive its front explodes and a flyer accelerates out of it, the Hivers clinging on inside the honeycomb-like seats. The Creche skim low through the smoke of the battlefield, almost faster than the eye can see, making a sonic boom like the explosion of a powder magazine, the ammunition stores for the cannon. As they go you catch the thought that they are heading for the planet Hel. Do you:

Try to control Napoleon's mind and use him to call off the attack?
Return to Falcon's Wing and chase the Creche to the planet Hel?
Turn to 37
Turn to 84

125
To your consternation you cannot reach through to his mind, instead you feel the interference effect of a Psionic Damper helmet. This is a recent invention of the Hivers. Do you:

Order him to stay where he is?
Wait for him to join you outside Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 177
Turn to 46

126
You win the battle of wills but the mental strain saps you. Lose 2 Endurance points. You can control Agent Bloodhound. You take him to Falcon's Wing and instruct him to examine CAIN's records. It soon becomes obvious to him that you are on a vitally important mission and that his mission to kill you must be abandoned. You release him from your control and Bloodhound says, 'I'm sorry, Falcon, someone has used me, someone who wants the timelines to be changed.'
'Who gave you the order to kill me?' you ask.
'Our Section Chief, Agidy Yelov,' he replies. 'He told me you had killed Lord Kirik.'
'But Kirik has only been dead a matter of minutes,' you tell him.
Bloodhound pauses then says, 'Yes, of course, Falcon, how can he know of Kirik's death so soon? Either he was responsible or he is in league with the traitor that did it.' Y our Section Chief is working with the Renegade Lord. Turn to 255.

127
The drunken revelry continues and you manage to cross the banqueting hall and leave through the store room without trouble. The two guards outside are being cursed for falling asleep at their post by a Noyan, their general. You stride past, looking the other way, and are soon lost in the darkness. You wade silently into the ornamental pond and, using the rope ladder, climb back into your flyer. Turn to 254.

128
You roll aside and come up ready to fire your blaster into the ambulance. The Hivers are scurrying backwards out of sight, but you send a bolt of plasma after them. One of them is too slow and it is torched to a frazzle by the white-hot beam. You are getting ready to leap into the ambulance when its front explodes and a flyer accelerates out of it, the Hivers clinging on inside the honeycomb-like seats. The Creche skim low through the smoke of the battlefield, almost faster than the eye can see, making a sonic boom like the explosion of a powder magazine, the ammunition stores for the cannon. As they go you catch the thought that they are heading for the planet Hel. Turn to 161.

129
Your shock wave of thought topples one of the lancers from the saddle and Bloodhound and Lynx have been similarly successful with two of the other lancers. The remaining one catchesLynx in the shoulder before she can topple him with the power of her thought, but she grabs the lance and swings herself up on it, kicking the lancer in the face. He tumbles, unconscious, from the saddle but Lynx falls beside him. She is badly wounded and has to return to her Autodoc. She urges you to go on, saying: 'I'll see you at the Eiger Vault Rec Centre,'and wishes you luck before limping away. You run to catch up with the ambulance. Turn to 251.

130
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole in the time of Alexander the Great. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everythingaround you seems grey and insubstantial. You knowthat should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank - not even blackness exists in Null-space. You cast your thought into the void and using your Psychic Awareness locate the Timehole of Alexander the Great. When you have translated this location into co-ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take around an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
You rematerialise and the Holo-projector makes Falcon's Wing look like a bleak hillock. Your exterior camera shows a small range of desolate hills giving way to a dry plain crossed by a small river. You press 'hold' and the camera stops swivelling as a small city of mud-baked houses surrounded by tall, white stone walls and towers appears on the screen. It is what lies before the city which catches your eye. An e n t i r e army, perhaps forty thousand strong, is encamped before the city walls. The tattered tents are braced against the breeze and hundreds of wagons stand in a second camp further from the city, where gaggles of wagoners, camp followers and walking wounded seem to mock the orderly precision of the ranks of men, resplendent in their armour, the sun glinting from the tips of their sixteen-foot-long spears. They stand as if on parade. You ask CAIN what happened here, historically, He chimes. This city is the local capital. The people marches out to give battle to Alexander the Great and his army of Macedonians and troops from other conquered lands, two days ago, but fled when they saw Alexander and his men Alexander is returning from India to Babylon, the capital of his new empire and has decided to take this city. His men do not want to risk their lives again and he will soon head the assault in an attempt to inspire them. Realising that he is going to risk his life, his men will throw themselves onto the siege ladders, but these will be broken in their eagerness. Two men only will be with Alexander when he jumps down into the city and he will be severely wounded before the Macedonians break down the gates and rescue him ...'
'Thank you CAIN,' you interrupt. 'What action would change the Timeline here?'
CAIN says, The assassination of Alexander would seem the most likely option, but I cannot compute the effect this would have on the past. Alexander will die in only a few years from now at the age of-thirty-three and his empire will be divided up and fought over by his successors.' CAIN programmes the Molecular Converter to create the dress of a phalangite, a Macedonian warrior, and you step from Falcon's Wing wearing sandals, bronze greaves, a long heavy skirt of boiled leather strips, a breastplate, and a small round shield strapped to your left forearm. Your Psionic Enhancer becomes a crested helmet covering your face, with a Y-shaped slit for you to see through. Unable to wield a sixteen-foot-long 'sarissa' you make do with a short sword. Your blaster and holo-detector are concealed under your red cloak. You search the hills for Lord Speke's machine. Turn to 403.

131
You concentrate your mind on whoever is inside the ambulance, knowing that the Renegade Lord has a powerful will. As soon as you attack, the battle starts to go against you. The power of the will which counter-attacks is awesome and you can do nothing as you lose control of your mind. You can only watch, as an outsider, as your hand pulls the blaster from your jacket. Sweating with effort you vainly try to resist as, shaking wildly, your arm takes aim at Bloodhound. He sees you and draws his own blaster. You are about to shoot him against your will when a blast of white-hot plasma rips into your shoulder. Lose 10 Endurance points. At least no blood flows - the plasma from the blaster seals the wound like boiling tar. The shock to your system allows you to try and reassert your own will. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-3, turn to 413
If you score 4-6, turn to 234

132
[score an M]
The members of Napoleon's staff clear a way and one of the Chasseurs rides by your side as you approach the Emperor. Napoleon's Chief of Staff, Marshal Berthier, spurs his horse forward and takes the despatch from you. He reads it quickly and passes it to the Emperor who is now in front of you. Napoleon reads it and sighs, saying, 'I've no men to spare for your headstrong Marshal Ney.' He waves you aside and you are thankful to leave the group that surrounds him to go over to Bloodhound. Turn to 82.

133
The arrow buries itself into your neck. You clutch at it and stand motionless. Then your arms go back as you begin to topple from the wall. You are dead before you hit the ground. You have failed.


134
You are half in and half out of null-space. You are able to see through the walls of your Time Machine and even through your own flesh as if they did not exist. You try to switch the Variac Drive on again, but nothing happens. You are caught in a time flux. Unable to do anything else, you look around. You arc hanging in the air above verdant pastures and a wide blue river Before you is a magnificent city, its houses, mosques and minarets surrounded by a high and well-defended wall. Gold and turquoise gleam below in the sun. The pastures and groves are deserted but around the walls is a horde of mongols, beyond count. There are more horses than men - each warrior has a remount. You ask CAIN for an update on the history of this time and place. CAIN chimes, The city before you is Baghdad, on the banks of the river Tigris, in Mesopotamia. The year is 1258 AD and the people of Baghdad have been under siege for some months by the mongols, led by their general, Hulagu.'
The mongols, dressed in furs and leather, look strangely out of place by the warm banks of the Tigris. They wear conical helmets topped with spikes and plumes of horsehair, and strips of boiled ox-hide laced together and painted brightly, affording them the protection of armour without weighing down their horses. They carry curved swords, hooked lances and short bows made of layers of horn and wood. As you watch, some of them show off their skill, standing in their stirrups, drawing arrows from their quivers and firing them at the city walls, all in one swift, lithe movement. They cannot see you, hanging frozen in the air. As you watch, they gather together and the Caliph of Baghdad, Mustasin, walks forward from the gates of his starving city, flanked by faithful retainers. He kneels before Hulagu in a gesture of surrender. Using the external microphone, you can hear what passes between them. Mustasin is clearly petrified and he begs for his life and the lives of his people. The cold, impassive Hulagu demands to know where his treasures are hidden. Mustasin, seeing a ray of hope, tells Hulagu of his hiding place. When satisfied, Hulagu signals to his men, who massacre the Caliph and his attendants. The horrified people of Baghdad make no attempt to close the gates and the mongols sweep into the city like a tide of soldier ants.
You are held in the air above Baghdad for over a month, and in all that time the slaying continues, the bestial ferocity of the Mongols remains unslaked. Only after forty days and the death of 800,000 people does the stench of rotting flesh force Hulagu to abandon the smouldering palaces, mosques and libraries of thedead city. After they have gone you cannot see even a dog or cat moving in the streets - all life has been wiped out. Shaken by the awful spectacle you have had to witness you are thankful when your Psychic Awareness registers a change in the flux of time You engage the Variac Drive once more and this time re- materialiseas planned. Because you were trapped in a time flux, when you materialise no time has passed between the moment you were caught and the moment you were released. Your digital clock shows that in 3033 AD it is still the same day on which you began your mission. Turn to 122.

135
Your will has overcome Lynx's and she is under your control. Y ou open your mind to her and she is able to see you are fighting for a just and important cause. You release her from your control.She explains that she had been sent by Agidy Yelov to kill or capture you, believing you to be a highly dangerous traitor. You explain the current situation to her and she decides to help you with your mission. Turn to 219.

136
You don't reply to the message and, seconds later, the Phocian increases speed. A third, larger ship appears on the Scanner beyond an Asteroid Belt, and the Corsair changes course to Intercept. You match course and increase speed as a second message reaches you, this time from the larger ship. This is the Clanship Keladan III; we are on a priority diplomatic mission. Do not attack. Repeat, do not attack. Change course. We are Keladi, do not attack.' You realise that this is the envoy ship carrying Korakiik, and that they will soon be within the attack range of the Phocian Corsair. Do you:

Open fire on the Phocian Corsair with your ship's pulse lasers?
Wait to see what happens?
Turn to 141
Turn to 104

137
'Looks like you've done some expensive damage here,' says one of the Enforcers. 'I think well have to take you in.'He points his stun-lance at you. 'Just what you'd expect from a SAT. They give them all these wonderful toys and helmets that let them look into honest men's minds and what do they do, pop off their blasters,like they've just escaped from the incubator.' The first motions you into the jetcopter with his lance.
'Hold on,' says the other, 'this tin-can carries a Particle Disruptor.'After further examination he consults his RAT.
This is an ex-SAT security droid, a banned model, apparently ihey were unpredictable. Funny that, you being a SAT agent, wouldn't you say? Anyway just our luck, you've won yourself 50 creds bounty for eliminating this junk here!' The other Enforcer spits in disgust and'they turn on their heels and climb In, bathing you with the 'copter's hot exhaust as they take off. You continue on your way to the hovrail. Turn to 169.

138
You float down from the Access Hatch, lowered by invisible Tractor Beams. You can smell ozone in the air of the Spaceport. Rounding a bulkhead you come across a refuelling bay and your holo-detector indicates that the Keladi scoutship in front of you is in fact a Time Machine. Judging by its size it could only be that of Lord Kirik. There is no trace of Lord Speke's machine. As you walk through the hologram you are surprised to see water underfoot. Kirik's machine is normally water-filled, a much larger model than your own. Clearly all is not well for, as you look up, you see that his Access Hatch is open and on automatic, for his Mind Scan is not operating and you are drawn up into his machine. The grotesque body of Lord Kirik lies inert across his crash couch, the disc which is his Psionic Enhancer lies in a pool of water at his side. The usually bloated brain-sacs are flaccid and his jointed legs curled unnaturally. Looking more closely you notice a neat circular wound in the middle of one of his brain sacs, still pouring purplish fluid. There is no sign of the weapon that was used to do this. He has been killed quite recently by someone whom he had allowed into his Time Machine. There is no helping Lord Kirik. Do you:
Leave the scene of the crime before you can be discovered there? Turn to 262
Send Kirik's Machine into null-space? Turn to 382

139
The plasma from your blaster claims the lives of several of the guards and their clamour increases, believing you to be a spirit. Some overcome their fear, however, determined to protect their Khan, and you are peppered with arrows, some from an unseen vantage point above. Your heart is pierced and you die. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

140
You ask the Lords of Time whether any of them have travelled in time since the death of Agent Q and the response is immediate. You step back in surprise as Kirik's pincers thresh the waters of his tank. He is plainly outraged. The Creche scuttle into and out of their cocoons but your translator cannot guide you as to what this may mean. Pilota volunteers 'Yes I have...' with a nonchalant air but is interrupted by Speke's raised voice:
'Really! I feel it is hardly your business as to enquire into our daily affairs.'
Silvermane adds, not unpleasantly, 'There is nothing wrong with curiosity, it will bean asset, but perhaps you should focus it elsewhere.' Turn to 194.

141
Realising that whoever is controlling the Phocian pilot, almost certainly the Renegade Lord, is trying to kill the Keladi envoy, so that Kelados and Earth will be plunged into war, you target and fire the ship's bow lasers. The Phocian has started an attack pattern, weaving in space and you must pilot the craft manually trying to outguess his every move. Make an Attack Roll to lock on successfully with your lasers.

If you score 7-12, turn to 224
If you score 2-6, turn to 178

142
Cautiously, you shadow Lord Silvermane from the Eiger V ault to the hovrail, summoning a hovcar with which to follow him, using your RAT. Silvermane also consults his RAT, but for longer than the time needed to summon a hovcar, even for an alien.Before he enters his hovcar, AgidyYelov's call-sign flashes on your micro-display. You accept his transmission and he asks you how your investigation is progressing. You reply that it has not progressed far, but give a brief report. Yelov thanks you and breaks contact. You enter a hovcar and lock it onto the trail of Silvermane and follow him. An hour later he debarks at the GalacticTrade Centre. As your own hovcar glides to a halt, Yelov calls you to his office at TIME headquarters, a journey which takes a further fifty minutes. He cannot see you immediately and you wait for over an hour before deciding to return to the Eiger Vault. As you approach its gates you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. Then you find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien craft on the street above you... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

143
You roll onto the balcony as a hand-axe, thrown by one of the Imperial Guard, tangles itself in the silken awning behind you. You leap from the balcony to the edge of the palace roof, twinging by your arms and pulling your legs up over the edge as the guardsmen rush onto the balcony. You run to your flyer. Some of the mongols, shouting ferociously, will be upon you before you can climb aboard. Balancing on the edge of the roof and mentally exhausted, you are forced to use your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 157
If you score 2-4, turn to 175

144
The driver wavers but the Renegade Lord feels your attack and tries to control your will. The power of the will which attacks is awesome and you can do nothing as you lose control of your mind. You can only watch, as an outsider, as your hand pulls the blaster from your jacket. Sweating with effort you vainly try to resist as, shaking wildly, your arm takes aim at Bloodhound. He sees you and draws his own blaster. You are about to shoot him against your will when a blast of white-hot plasma rips into your shoulder. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, at least no blood flows - the plasma from the blaster seals the wound like boiling tar. The shock to your system allows you to regain control of your mind. Fighting the pain you must decide what to do next. Do you:

Thinkstrike whoever is inside the ambulance?
Try to use your Power of Will on whoever is inside the ambulance?
Turn to 299
Turn to 330

145
Picking your way through the fog of the battle you finally come across Bloodhound again, who is pretending to adjust the girth of his horse. Breathlessly, you tell him that you have detected the presence of a being with mental powers, probably the Renegade Lord. He suggests that you remain near Napoleon together and wait to see what happens. Do you:

Agree to wait and throw the despatch into the mud?
Deliver the despatch to Napoleon in case you risk changing history if you do not?
Turn to 82
Turn to 132

146
Turning left you move towards a junction only to find that the exits are blocked by barricades made of smashed hovmobiles and game-booths. You hear the unmistakable whine of hovbikes behind and, turning, are dazzled by ten or more floodlights, which flare suddenly. 'Well, well, an upper in the Morgue - hey, those epaulettes have real warp!' says a guttural voice, menacingly. 'What shall we do with the upper, Street'roids?'.
Then a woman's voice: 'I need that pacy helmet, Clone, get it for me?' The whine of the hovbikes increases as their lights are turned off in unison. Your eyes became accustomed to the gloom in time to see twenty or more members of a hovbike gang. Their archaic machines are loaded with rams, sharpened flanges and spikes. The riders' faces are painted silver and gunmetal, their clothes adorned with parts of the casing of various types of robot, hair spiked silver and gold.
'Get the Exec, Machine,' says Clone, their leader. A man wearing a tattered hydraulic suit, covered in spikes, races his bike at you. You dodge and he piles into the barricade, impaling himself on a snapped driveshaft. Clone signals and they all start towards you. Do you:

Open fire with your blaster?
Thinkstrike Clone?
Use your Power of Will to control Clone?
Turn to 55
Turn to 42
Turn to 24

147
You follow several Macedonians up the ladder. They manage to clear a way and you reach the top of the wall as the screams of the dying begin. Below you a few Greeks and Persians are forcing their way through the townspeople towards Alexander, dealing death with the skilled precision of battle-hardened veterans. Before you can jump down an archer in one of the towers lets loose an arrow. Your Psychic Awareness warns you Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 77
If you score 2-5, turn to 133

148
[score a G]
You seize control of Lord Silvermane's mind, after a brief battle of wills. You send a question to him, demanding whether he is guilty of the tampering with Kelados'past, but his conscience is clean, it seems he is not your man. As you relinquish control you catch him thinking that, if anyone, it is likely to be Lord Speke. Lord Silvermane becomes outraged, but you quickly apologise and tell him of your mission. He grows alarmed, but compliments you, saying: 'Never have I striven with so strong a will. You may find that implanting the suggestion of extreme hunger in the mind of your victim will make domination even easier for you.' You thank him and take the advice to heart. Add one to your Power of Will Modifier. He says: 'I would help you further, but it is not my place to risk a diplomatic incident by compromising one of my fellow Lords. However, I shall report to Agidy Yelov.' You bid him well and return to your Time Machine, Turn to 119.

149
You are half in and half out of null-space. You are able to see through the walls of your Time Machine and even through your own flesh as if they did not exist. You try to switch the Variac Drive on again but nothing happens. You are caught in a time flux. Unable to do anything else, you look around you. You are hangingin the air above verdant pastures and a wide, blue river, before you is a magnificent city, its houses, mosques and minarets surrounded by a high and well-defended wall. Gold and turquoise gleam below in the sun. The pastures and groves are deserted, but around the walls is a horde of mongols, beyond count. There are more horses than men - each warrior has a remount. You ask CAIN for an update on the history of this timeand place. CAIN chimes, 'The city before you is Baghdad, on the banks of the river Tigris, in Mesopotamia. The year is 1258 AD and the people of Baghdad have been under siege for some months by the mongols, led by their general, Hulagu.'
The mongols, dressed in furs and leather, look strangely out of place by the warm banks of the Tigris. They wear conical helmets topped with spikes and plumes of horsehair, and strips of boiled ox-hide laced together and painted brightly, affording them the protection of armour without weighing down their horses. They carry curved swords, hooked lances and short bows made of layers of horn and wood. As you watch, some of them show off their skill, standing in their stirrups, drawing arrows from their quivers and firing them at the city walls, all in one swift, lithe movement. They cannot see you, hanging frozen in the air. As you watch, they gather together and the Caliph of Baghdad, Mustasin, walks forward from the gates of his starving city, flanked by faithful retainers. He kneels before Hulagu in a gesture of surrender. Using the external microphone, you can hear what passes between them. Mustasin is clearly petrified and he begs for his life and the lives of his people. The cold, impassive Hulagu demands to know where his treasures are hidden. Mustasin, seeing a ray of hope, tells Hulagu of his hiding place. When satisfied, Hulagu signals to his men, who massacre the Caliph and his attendants. The horrified people of Baghdad make no attempt to close the gates and the mongols sweep into the city like a tide of soldier ants.
You are held in the air above Baghdad for over a month, and in all that time the slaying continues, the bestial ferocity of the mongols remains unslaked. Only after forty days and the death of 800,000 people does the stench of rotting flesh force Hulagu to abandon the smouldering palaces, mosques and libraries of the dead city. After they have gone you cannot see even a dog or cat moving in the streets - all life has been wiped out. Shaken by the awful spectacle you have had to witness you are thankful when your Psychic Awareness registers a change in the flux of time. You engage the Variac Drive once more and this time re- materialise as planned. Because you were trapped in a time flux, when you materialise no time has passed between the moment you were caught and the moment you were released. Your digital clock shows that in 3033 AD it is still the same day on which you began your mission. Turn to 106.

150
The mongols are clever hunters, used to the night and the smellsof the wild. Before you realise it you are running into the midstof one of the groups tracking you, appearing like demons from the darkness. You are overwhelmed and carried helplessly to the ornamental pool. Laughing cruelly, they force your head beneath the water lilies until your lungs are bursting. You try to use your mental powers but realise, too late, that your helmet was knocked from your head in the struggle. Your whole life flashesbefore you in the slow seconds of your death. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

151
Taken by surprise they both fall, cut down by a blast of white- hot energy. You manage to keep the other guards under control and order them to lead the way through the door. Inside is a bedchamber,and sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silk awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. Do you:

Order the two guards under your control to kill Ogedai?
Order them to guard the door and kill Ogedai yourself?
Turn to 341
Turn to 309

152
Your blast misses Bloodhound and loses itself somewhere in the recesses at the back of the bay. He returns your fire as the tang of ionized air fills your nostrils. You double up as the plasma bolt hits your side - lose 13 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you find yourself too stunned to do anything. Bloodhound walks over to your stricken body and levels his weapon for the final blast. 'Wait, Bloodhound! Kill me, and the population of all Earth and the colonies may perish. I am helpless, but look at CAIN's memory banks before you void me.' He hesitates, then drags you into Falcon's Wing and ties you up. Examining CAIN's records, it soon becomes obvious to him that you are on a vitally important mission and that his mission to kill you must be abandoned. He unties you, but your wounds are so bad you must subtract one from your Evasion Modifier.
Bloodhound says, 'I'm sorry, Falcon, someone has used me, someone who wants the timelines to be changed.'
'Who gave the order to kill me?' you ask.
'Our Section Chief, Agidy Yelov,' he replies. 'He told me you hail killed Lord Kirik.'
'But Kirik has only been dead a matterof minutes,' you tell him.
Bloodhound pauses then says, 'Yes, of course, Falcon. How can he know of Kirik's death so soon? Either he was responsible or he is in league with the traitor that did it.' Your Section Chief is working with the Renegade Lord. Turn to 255.

153
Do you:

Ask with which of the Lords of TIME Section Chief Yelov spent his vacation?
Use your Psychic Awareness to contact one of them mentally?
Ask if any one of them has travelled in time since the death of Agent Q?
Smile and make a short speech of thanks?
Turn to 179
Turn to 121
Turn to 140
Turn to 167

154
Without warning he levels his laser rifle at you as if to fire. You have a brief second in which to save yourself. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 222
If you score 2-6, turn to 202

155
You send a Lascom message to the Phocian, telling him that his mind is being controlled by another. Suddenly his ship begins to weave in space as if about to attack. You decide to take evasive action. Make an Evasion Roll, treating your Evasion Modifier as 0 for this roll only.
If you score 6-12, turn to 19
If you score 2-5, turn to 190

156
They are skilled with their shortbows and some loose arrows as you duck back through the gate. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 185
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

157
You score a hit and three of the mongols are swept off the roof to the muddy street below, screaming as they fall. You climb aboard your flyer . The cockpit canopy clicks into place, deflecting mongol arrows as it does so. You accelerate away into the night sky, engaging the Ion Drive. Turn to 254.

158
The second guard raises a laser rifle equipped with an energy- grenade launcher but you manage to blast before he takes aim. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 57
If you score 2-5, turn to 27

159
He leaps at you as you grab for your blaster and trigger it just in time. A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma eats into the cydroid's chest. Sparks fly and there is the unmistakeable tang of vaporised metals. A nearby Plasma Sensor begins to flash and the siren of a Citpol jetcopter wails as the cydroid buckles, short- circuiting in a sea of sparks, before falling inert. You have been fighting a machine. You examine it, but the damage is too severe for you to gain a clue as to its origins, before two Enforcers alight from their 'copter, pointing their stun-lances at you. 'Let's see your ID.' You produce your ID chip and hand it to the one who spoke, still covered by the other. He clips it into his Remote Access T erminal (RA T) on his arm and a look of disappointment crosses his features, as he realises who you are. 'What's been going on here?' he says. You report exactly what happened and he returns your chip and turns to examine the cydroid. Turn to 137.

160
You parry the spear-thrust with your sword and counter quickly slashing across his midriff. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 94
If you score 2-6, turn to 111

161
[score a C]
Bloodhound hurries back with you to your Time Machines, Falcon's Wing and Hunter, and you both set out for the only Timehole on planet Hel, 600 AD, hoping finally to corner the Creche. You may use your Autodoc to restore up to 12 Endurance points on the way. While waiting to rematerialise, you ask CAIN about planet Hel. CAIN chimes: 'Planet Hel was discovered in 2978 AD by Skirrow, head of the Research Section of TIME, during the same voyage on which he discovered Skirrow's World. It is a tropical world with many dangerous predators, and plants which can trap and digest humans. There are no intelligent life forms. The air is breathable.' It seems that planet Hel was well named by its discoverer.
You rematerialise at the same instant as Bloodhound and Falcon's Wing settles slightly, as if on soft ground. You are resting on the top of a tropical rain forest. The tops of the trees are flattened by a mass of tangled creepers which form a carpet so dense that CAIN mistook it for the surface of the planet. Even the weight of Falcon's Wing has only bowed it slightly. You meet outside, on the tree carpet and move towards a Time Machine, undisguised by a hologram, which rests on the foliage a hundred metres away. Your Psychic Awareness tells you that the Creche are inside. As you watch, they begin to descend from the hatch of their machine. You must act quickly. Do you shout

Thinkstrike, Bloodhound?
Power of Will, Bloodhound?
Blast to kill, Bloodhound?
Turn to 12
Turn to 21
Turn to 31

162
A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma shatters a floodlight behind your target. You have missed. A Plasma Sensor flashes blue indicating that Citpol, the civil police, have been alerted. As you take aim again the cydroid points at you with his arm. The hand snaps upwards revealing a small nozzle which protrudes from its wrist. The red pulse of a Particle Disruptor streaks towards you. You have an instant to react, make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 191
If you score 2-6, turn to 173

163
You instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive and using your Psychic Awareness, set coordinates for Earth, 1241 AD. During the journey, you may lie in your Autodoc and restore your Endurance points to 20. As you wait to rematerialise, you become aware of a flux in the psychic forces of the universe. You are forced out of null-space, but not at your destination. You look at the digital time read-out which tells you that you are in the year 1258 AD, seventeen years after the death of Ogedai Khan, Ghengis' son. Turn to 149.

164
Your mental attack is successful and Lynx slumps to the ground, dropping her knife. 'Come on, let's go,' shouts Bloodhound, running towards the ambulance. You run with him, but the Renegade Lord senses your intention and tries to invade your mind. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1-3, turn to 265
If you score 4-6, turn to 8

165
At this close range it is difficult to miss completely and you shear the general in two with a blast of white-hot energy. You have missed the other, however, and he screams the alarm as he throws himself on you, willing to give his life to save his Khan. You have no choice but to order the guardsmen under your control to attack him. While they battle you slip through the door. Inside is a bedchamber, and sitting on a larger litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose, Goldenstatues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silk awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. You sense that your controlled guards will soon be defeated. You do not have much time. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death seem natural you place a silken cushion over Ugedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. His face turns blue as he dies. Suddenly the door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard run in and charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 189
If you score 2-5, turn to 201

166
Lord Silvermane's will shrugs off your attempt at mind control. He enters his Time Machine shouting: 'I'll have you de- commissioned for this.' The Time Machine does not wink out, Indeed Silvermane comes out a moment later bearing a message capsule. Do you:

Return to Falcon's Wing?
Follow Silvermane to find out where he is going?
Turn to 119
Turn to 142

167
You thank the Lords of TIME for attending your Graduation Ceremony, saying that you will repay their trust in you many times over. Lord Speke thanks you on behalf of the Lords of TIME and exhorts you to further the cause of harmony within the Space Federation while being vigilant against anyone so diabolical as to tamper with the past. After his speech you salute and are just leaving when Lord Kirik grabs one of the small seal-like creatures in his tank and thrusts it into his mouth with voracious ferocity. He is obscured by a cloud of blood as you finally leave. Turn to 22.

168
Lynx's training has left nothing to be desired. Her reactions are superb and even as your blaster leaves its place of concealment she has hurled herself behind a dead horse. The crackling plasma stabs above her head, lost in the rolling smoke of the guns and she ducks out of sight. Unable to hit her with your blaster, do you:

Thinkstrike her?
Use Power of Will to control her?
Turn to 268
Turn to 286

169
You step into the small hovrail car, secure the bubble hatch and type in your destination and clearance code as the car rises on its air buffer. The acceleration is steady but not uncomfortable and lasts for half the journey, before you decelerate to the Eiget Vault embarkation point. After many changes of direction, occasionally riding above slower moving cars, you leave the spectacular vista of the neon-clad city behind and plunge into the tunnel to the Eiger. Leaving the monorail you walk to the checkpoint outside the enormous plasteel doors where your ID chip is checked and the mind scanner is used to double-check that you may be allowed into the vault. You step through a small personnel door, past two security droids and into the cavern which houses the Time Machines and the research section of TIME. The area in which the machines are kept is partitioned at intervals and you head straight for your own bay. In the centre of the bay which is lined on three sides with racks carrying maintenance equipment, spare parts, the Variac Drive Re- charger and sundry other useful items, lies Falcon's Wing. You approach the access hatch and the mind scanner lights up red, then green. You are drawn up into the Time Machine by invisible Tractor Beams, activated by CAIN. Soon you are standing on the glowing Access Disc and CAIN chimes, 'Welcome Falcon.' Turn to 210.

170
As you step over the prone bodies of the general and the guard, a group of Imperial Guards mounting the wooden stairs catch sight of you. You slam the door and run across Ogedai's room towards the balcony. The door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 189
If you score 2-5, turn to 201

171
You are not quick enough. An arrow takes you in the back. You throw up your arms and collapse in a heap. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

172
[score an M]
Guessing that whoever is controlling the Phocian, possibly the Renegade Lord, is planning to destroy the Keladi envoy Korakiik, and plunge Earth and Kelados into war, you attempt to target the ship's Pulse Lasers onto the Corsair craft and open fire. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 224
If you score 2-5, turn to 203

173
You throw yourself behind a plasteel container but are too late. Unluckily for you, this is a very advanced model and the Particle Disrupter catches your side, and uniform and flesh fizz to nothing. The siren wail of an approaching Citpol jetcopter sounds more than pleasant as you wait for the cydroid to appear behind the container. Instead it makes a superhuman leap to the edge of the loading bay and drops fifty feet to the level below, crackingthe streetmetal on impact. Unaffected by the cloud of sparks this causes it disappears into the maze of the city's traffic lanes. You drag yourself to your feet in time to greet the two Enforcers who alight from the jetcopter. There are always two of the City Police, and they both cover you with their stun- lances. 'Let's see your ID.' You produce your ID chip and hand it to the one who spoke, still covered by the other. He clips it into the Remote Access Terminal (RAT) on his arm and a look of disappointment crosses his features as he sees you are a genuine SAT. 'Fun and games on your first day, eh? What have you to say for yourself?' You report exactly what happened and the Enforcer hands back your ID chip, saying, 'A file of your statement will be flashed to your Section Chief.'
The second says, 'I have summoned an ambulance - they'll look after you.' He leaves a Homing Beacon for the ambulance and theytakeoff.Soon,theHealthExecutiveambulanceishovering above you. Two medtechs jump down with a stretcher and you are soon within one of the Autodocs, an outdated model. Your vapourised tissue is regenerated at an incredible rate, but a wound of this nature does not always heal perfectly. Subtract one from your Attack Modifier as your reactions are not what they were. Restore your Endurance points to 18. Refusing sedatives, you are soon ready to board the hovrail. Turn to 169.

174
You instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive and using your Psychic Awareness, set coordinates for Earth, 1241 AD. During the journey, you may lie in your Autodoc and restore your Endurance points to 20. As you wait to rematerialise, you become aware of a flux in the psychic forces of the universe. You are forced out of null-space, but not at your destination. You look at the digital-time read-out which tells you that you are in the year 1258 AD, seventeen years after the death of Ogedai Khan, Ghengis' son. Turn to 134.

175
You lose balance at the vital moment and miss. They pause uncertainly at the sight of your flyer, but one unleashes an arrow which finds its mark and you topple to the muddy street below, breaking your neck. You die instantly. You have failed; the Space Federation will never be.

176
You concentrate your mind on the driver of the ambulance. Hoping the Lord's attention is distracted, you make your effort. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 258
If you score 2-6, turn to 144
If you score 7 roll again.

177
[score a C]
He goes for his laser rifle, but with superb reactions and the skill of a trained combateer you draw your blaster and fire first. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 116
If you score 2-5, turn to 238

178
The computer has been unable to keep your lasers targetted, due to your failure to stay on the Phocian's tail. The lasers do not fire. As you wrestle with the controls to attempt another attack, suddenly the screen flares as the Phocian Corsair opens fire on the Keladi ship, its lasers piercing the hull of the larger ship which lurches sickeningly. You are too late. As your finger moves to the fire button the Corsair ship rakes the envoy's ship againwith its Pulse Lasers. There is a brilliant explosion which fills the scanner screen with light and then you are suddenly engulfedin blackness. You find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien craft on the street above you ... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

179
You ask the Lords of Time with which one of them Yelov spent his vacation. You step back in surprise as Kirik's pincers thresh the waters of his tank. He is plainly outraged. The Creche scuttle into and out of their cocoons but your translator cannot guideyou as to what this may mean. Pilota raises her eyebrows andexchangesglanceswithSilvermane,beforeSpekedemands: What do you want to know that for? It is none of your business.'
Turn to 194.

180
Toolate! A translucent beam of ruby light connects the tip of the laser rifle to your hip, shearing through skin and bone like a hot knife through fungspread. Lose 10 Endurancepoints. If you are still alive, as you fall to the ground you manage to ready your blaster.The Eiger Vault energy weapon detector sirens begin to wail. Overcoming the pain you fire your blaster. Make Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 116
If you score 2-7, turn to 238

181
Caught by surprise Lord Silvermane's powerful body falls over your leg largely under his own momentum. With a shout of alarm he turns to look at you only to find your blaster inches from his face. 'With respect sir, I must again ask, where are you going?'
Barely controlling his rage he says: 'I have come for an important document, kept in the safest place I know of here on Earth, my Time Machine.' The hatch opens in response to his mind scanner and he directs you to a document holder. Looking inside you can see that it contains the blueprints of some of the most advanced Rigellian technology together with information which shows that Silvermane is carrying out a technology trade to the mutual benefit of both Earth and Rigel Prime. 'Thank you,' says Silvermane, taking the documents from you. 'I must be at the Galactic Trade Centre within the hour. Your career with TIME has been a short one has it not?' Realising that you will be powerless if your security code clearance with CAIN is stopped you decide to take a risk and tell him of your mission. He listens, at first with impatience which changes to alarm. Then I shall defer court martial, but I expect a full report of the investigation which I am sure Agidy Yelov will commission.' He turns to leave, then pauses. 'Lord Speke bears investigation if I am not mistaken,' and with that he strides to the exit of the Vault. You return to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 119.

182
You protest your innocence and tell him he is a fool if he shoots you, but with a look of contempt, Bloodhound triggers a bolt of superheated plasma which catches you in the head. Death is instantaneous, you are completely unrecognisable. You have failed.

183
Bloodhound is telling you that every thing has been quiet, except that the Emperor has been attended by a doctor when all three of you feel a very strong mental presence. Your heads turn as one towards a strange contraption coming nearer Napoleon and his escort. Two horses, one behind the other, are harnessed to a wooden, covered wagon with two small holes high up on either side for windows and doors which open at the back. A medical elderlyis riding the first of the horses. It is one of the first ambulances ever made of the pattern designed by Baron Larrey, a French Army Surgeon, in 1805. The strength of the mental presence within the ambulance leads you to believe that the Renegade Lord must be inside, and you prepare to attack together. Turn to 304.

184
Lynx attempts to Thinkstrike you again, but she is still not powerful enough to overcome your mental defences. Turn back to 39 and choose again.

185
You run through the gateway just in time and arrows whistle past you. They chase you through the streets as you dodge between drunken revellers. At last you sight the city gate and sprint towards it. Two more guards seeing you fleeing from the palaceguard draw their bows. In desperation you fire your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 199
If you score 2-6, turn to 207

186
You move behind Lynx but she watches out of the corner of her e y e , waiting for you to make a move while she keeps Bloodhound at arm's length with the knife. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 339
If you score 2-5, turn to 352
If you score 6, roll again.

187
You try to twist aside from the wicked thrust but are caught under the arm. Flailing wildly you fall backwards off the ladder to the ground below. Lose 14 Endurance points. If you are still alive you bind your wound with a piece of your cloak, to staunch the blood. Do you:

Wait outside the city leaving Alexander to his fate? Turn to 200
Try again to scale the wall? Turn to 147

188
The Creche fall onto the tree carpet and you move forward to make sure of your victory. Suddenly, Agidy Yelov, wearing Psionic Damper Circlet on his head, that gives protection from mental attacks, appears from behind the Creche's Time Machine. You hesitate in surprise as he turns to you, his blaster pointing at the ground. 'Well done Falcon, Bloodhound. Of course you know that I had set up a trap for the Renegade Lord, but I really must congratulate you for a truly outstanding performance against the Creche.' Bloodhound looks at you to see what you will do. Will you:

Blast Yelov?
Await Yelov's orders?
Turn to 259
Turn to 120

189
You roll onto the balcony as a hand-axe, thrown by one of the Imperial Guard tangles itself in the silken awning behind you. You leap from the balcony to the edge of the palace roof, swinging your arms and pulling your legs up over the edge as the guardsmen rush onto the balcony behind you. Thinking quickly, you activate the flyer's Homing Beacon which you keep in your hand as you run round the edge of the roof, away from the guardsmen who are now helping each other onto the roof's lacquered wooden slats. The flyer approaches but you must stand still now, to avoid confusing the flyer's computer. Some of the mongols, shouting ferociously, will be upon you before you can climb aboard. Balancing on the edge of the roof and mentally exhausted, you are forced to use your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 296
If you score 2-4, turn to 175

190
Twin laser pulses from the Phocian ship strike your bows. The ship shudders and there is a thunderous report as the lights fail.
The computer flashes up a damage report:

LIFE SUPPORT:	BRIDGE ONLY
MAIN DRIVE:	10% EFFICIENCY
ENERGY:	LOW
ATTACK LASERS:	INTACT
CABIN PRESSURE:	NORMAL
SCANNERS:	FUNCTIONAL
LASCOM SYSTEM:	RECEPTION ONLY

The Scanner shows a second ship approaching from behind an asteroid belt and the Phocian changes course to intercept it. The large ship flashes a Lascom message: This is the Clanship Keladan III; we are on a priority diplomatic mission. Do not attack. Repeat, do not attack. Change course. We are Keladi, do not attack.' You realise that whoever is controlling the Phocian pilot, almost certainly the Renegade Lord, is trying to kill the Keladi envoy so that Kelados and Earth will be plunged into war. You have energy enough for one attack only and in a desperate attempt to save the envoy's life you try to target and fire your lasers. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 213
If you score 2-7, turn to 242

191
You throw yourself behind a plasteel container and the Particle Disruptor dissolves part of a nearby stanchion with a fizzing sound. This cydroid is apparently a very advanced model. You hear the siren wail of an approaching Citpol jetcopter. The cydroid makes a superhuman leap to the edge of the loading bay and drops fifty feet to the level below, cracking the streetmetal on impact. Unaffected by the cloud of sparks this causes, it disappears into the maze of the city's traffic lanes. You are on your feet in time to greet the two Enforcers who alight from the jetcopter. There are always two of the City Police, and they both cover you with their stun-lances. 'Let's see your ID.' You produce your ID chip and hand it to the one who spoke, still covered by the other. He clips it into the Remote Access Terminal (RAT) on his arm and a look of disappointment crosses his features as he sees you are a genuine SAT. 'Fun and games on your first day, eh? What have you to say for yourself?' You report exactly what happened and the Enforcer hands back your ID chip, saying, 'A file of your statement will be flashed to your Section Chief.' With that they turn on their heels and take off, bathing you with the hot exhaust of their 'copter as they go. Turn to 169.

192
Acting with the instincts of a trained combateer, you throw yourself through the air, roll, and come up in a shooting position on one knee, both hands steadying your blaster. A translucent beamof ruby light connects the tip of the laser rifle to the wall of the bay, behind your shoulder, severing a camera from its gymbals,and the Eiger Vault energy weapon siren begins to wail. You open fire. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 116
If you score 2-5, turn to 238

193
Kipping the ambulance doors open reveals a bizarre sight, six features like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation, are Kicking into a honeycomb structure, their dull red, compound eyes menacing. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer, similar in design to your own. The six beings, together known as Lord Creche 82282, the Renegade Lord, are unaffected by the combined Thinkstrike. Bloodhound suddenly grabs you and throws you out of the ambulance, leaping down after you and drawing his sabre. He is being controlled by the Creche! A long battle follows during which time you both struggle to find an opening. Although entranced, Bloodhound is a fine swordsman and you begin to bleed heavily from several cuts. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your battle continues and the ambulance rolls on. Nobody intervenes in your fight because Napoleon has given the order for his Imperial Guard to advance and everybody moves off down the hill. At last you break the control over Bloodhound's mind and, dropping his sabre, he mumbles an apology. Turn to 344.

194
[score a B]
Spekesays, 'Discretion is important to an Agent of the Time Police. If you are to prove that you can further the cause of peace within the Space Federation while being vigilant against anyone no diabolical as to tamper with the past, you must learn this quickly. I trust you will show more respect for your superiors from now on.' Feeling that your Graduation Ceremony has not been a complete success, you salute and are about to leave when Lord Kirik grabs one of the small seal-like creatures in his tank and thrusts it into his mouth with voracious ferocity. He is obscured by a cloud of blood as you finally leave. Turn to 22.

195
The crackling bolt of lightning from your blaster pierces through the hussar's body and he falls back into the brook with a splash. You are turning to ride out of the hollow when all goes black around you. You have killed your ancestor and neither you, your father, nor your father's father have ever existed. You have changed the course of history and failed in your mission.

196
You lie down in the Autodoc and the anaesthetising pad which rests over a small vein in your neck sends you into unconsciousness. You never come round again. The course of the past will be changed too soon after you would have left the Autodoc for you to prevent it. While Falcon's Wing lies idle at the Eiger Vault an evil intelligence has been at work. You have failed.

197
The cydroid's mechanical reactions are even faster than yours. It catches your leg in its hand and then, with amazing strength, begins to crush it slowly. Pain overcomes you as you dangle helpless, before it places its foot on your head, and pulverises it as if it were an over-ripe melon. You have failed, Falcon.

198
You concentrate your mind in an attempt to control Bloodhound's mind. Bloodhound also has powers of the mind and it will be no easy task. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 126
If you score 2-5, turn to 99
If you score a 6, roll again.

199
One is vapourised by the superheated blast of plasma and the other immediately throws himself to the ground. You jump over him and out of the city. Your pursuers have stopped at the gate looking for the remains of the warrior you have killed, in sheer disbelief. Hoping your actions have not seriously changed the Timelines, you arrive back at the cave mouth in time to see a largebear poking at the flyer. If you blast it you will damage the flyer. Do you:

Try to Thinkstrike the bear?
Move in to attack the bear using unarmed combat?
Turn to 216
Turn to 112

200
You wait outside, pretending to be wounded as the clamour inside the city increases. New siege ladders are brought up and a phalanx of men smashes through the city gates. Soon the clash of arms gives way to the screams of the townspeople as the Macedonians massacre them in the frenzy that has seized them when Alexander was lost to sight. Minutes later, Alexander, badly wounded, is carried by several soldiers from the gate to his great white tent. Your Psychic Awareness tells you that one of the nearby soldiers is Lord Speke, and he has also noticed you. He pauses, then approaches you. He is carrying a sword but he gives himself up.
You walk up into the hills, and he explains that for some time he has been breaking the First Law of TIME and living as an ancient Greek. He has always been careful not to upset the Timelines seriously, but he knows he has been acting wrongly. His collection of ancient Greek weapons in his Time Machine is authentic and he has even buried ancient artifacts in places where he could 'discover' them as archeological finds in the 31st century. You look into his mind, with his consent, and see that it is all true - Speke is not the Renegade Lord. Tears run down his face as he realises his hobby is over. 'At least,' he says, 'I can say I saw the man whose people thought he was a god.' He asks you how you discovered him and you tell him about your mission. He is shocked by the news of a traitor Lord but offers a few words of advice. 'It is not likely to be either Pilota, or myself - we are both Earther stock and interference with Earth's past might mean that we had never existed.' You thank Speke, but feel obliged to order him to return to 3033 AD and give himself up. Downcast, he assents and returns to his. Time Machine while you continue with your mission. Turn to 272.

201
A hand-axe, thrown by one of the Imperial Guardsmen strikes the back of your knee and you fall to the floor and are taken. The fate of the Khan's assassin is not a pleasant one. They discuss your punishment which will be to have molten silver poured into your eyes and ears, before you are boiled alive - a death reserved for their respected enemies. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

202
Too late! A translucent beam of ruby light connects the tip of the laser rifle to your hip, shearing through skin and bone like a hot knife through fungspread. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, as you fall to the ground you manage to ready your blaster. The Eiger Vault energy weapon detector sirens begin to wail. Overcoming the pain you fire your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 105
If you score 2-7, turn to 238

203
Twin laser pulses dart from your ship but your aim was off. They miss the Phocian ship and are lost in blackest space. As you lock on for a second shot you see your target darting and weaving. He is a skilful pilot, used to combat in these craft and he will soon have you in his laser's sights. You decide to take evasive action. Make an Evasion Roll, but count your Evasion Modifier as 0 for this roll only.

If you score 7-12, turn to 253
If you score 2-6, turn to 190

204
To your horror you see that the Creche are unaffected by your Thinkstrike and you feel a powerful wave of irresistible mental energy beginning to hit you. Suddenly, Agidy Yelov, wearing a Psionic Damper Circlet on his head, that gives protection from mental attacks, appears from behind the Creche's Time Machine and a bolt of white lightning leaps from his blaster, burning the Hivers to a crisp. You hesitate in surprise as he turns to you, his blaster pointing at the ground. 'Well done Falcon, Bloodhound. Of course you know that I had set up a trap for the Renegade Lord, but I really must congratulate you for a truly outstanding performance against the Creche.' Blood- hound looks at you to see what you will do. Will you:

Blast Yelov?
Await Yelov's orders?
Turn to 259
Turn to 120

205
The two guards collapse against each other, propping each other up like dolls for a moment, before sliding to the ground. You slip past them to the door which opens into a store-room, lined with barrels of Koumiss, fermented mare's milk. A row of carcasses hangs on hooks above a smoking fire. In the corner lies the huddled form of an unconscious mongol, obviously drunk. You open another door opposite into a banqueting hall, the walls of which are lined with gold, the plunder of half the world. It is full of mongols, eating and drinking. To your surprise there are no tables, but a great fire has been lit in the centre of the hall. Musicians are playing fast rhythmic music and some of the mongols strut around the fire, showing off the splendour of theirleather coats, decorated and lined with fur. Others are still gorging themselves, tearing chunks of meat from whole carcasses with their hunting knives. As the music quickens sorne begin to whirl and leap around the fire, dancing wildly. Opposite you is a door leading outside to the palace courtyard.
There is a wooden stairway just to the left of the store-room door and you decide to climb it, as you guess it leads towards the rooms behind the balcony. Turn to 247.

206
You wheel your horse about and wishing Bloodhound ban chance head back towards the battle line. You veer right, deciding to begin near Poniatowski and then work your way along to the great redoubt. You crouch low as a cannon ball whistles overhead, bouncing along for three hundred yards before coming to rest against a tree-stump. Every now and then you see a small gap appear in the French columns where a cannon ball has mown down as many as ten men, before losing momentum. But each time they close ranks and charge on. You are approaching Poniatowski's wing when suddenly your Psychic Awareness tells you that a being with mental powers is nearby. Turn to 73.

207
The guards gape at you, as the plasma burns a hole in the ground before them. Their bows go slack. You leap over the hole and decide to charge one of the guards and force your way by. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 246
If you score 2-5, turn to 225

208
The second guard raises a laser rifle equipped with an energy grenade launcher but you manage to blast before he takes aim Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 232
If you score 2-5, turn to 27

209
You reach into the mind of the huge crustacean, Lord Kirik, using your power of Psychic Awareness. With a shock you realise his overpowering thought is one of hunger, but that this is linked to the small seal-like beings captive in his tank. When he realises that you are probing his mind, the waters of his tank start to boil as his pincers thresh in anger. He is outraged; imbued with the deference for authority of the caste society of Kelados he appears appalled at your cheek. Your Universal Translator changes the bubbles issuing from his mouth into the words: 'You inedible prawn!' He surges above the surface of his tank, water rushing in rivulets from his purple carapace, but containing his anger subsides once more, pincers snapping, as he informs the other Lords what you have done. Pilota smothers a smile, the Creche crawl deep into their cocoons, Silvermane shakes his head in seeming disappointment, but Speke shouts angrily: 'I must apologise for the action of this undoubtedly foul- tasting Earther. How dare you? You are risking an interstellar incident.' Turn to 194.

210
The hatch seals as you settle into your crash-couch and run routine system checks. Noting that all is in order you decide to ask CAIN for some information.
If you have recorded the serial number of a cydroid and wish to investigate its origin, turn to the number contained within the serial code.
Otherwise, turn to 243

211
You hurl a blast of mental energy at Bloodhound. But he himself is trained in this art and has his own defences. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 107
If you score 2-6, turn to 117
If you score 7, roll again.

212
You concentrate on trying to control the mind of the Emperor Napoleon, one of the greatest leaders in Earth's history! He is an exceptionally strong-willed man, but the mental attack of the Renegade Lord and his illness have left him weakened in spirit. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 67
If you score 2-6, turn to 79
If you score a 7 roll again.

213
Twin laser pulses cut through space from your ship to the Phocian's. You can see parts breaking away from the hull in the dazzling red light of your lasers. Suddenly, the scanner screen lights up fiercely; you have scored a direct hit on his Power Plant and the Phocian has been vapourised with his ship. You can only hope that his descendants were not to be shapers of history and that changes in the Timelines will be small. You have, however, saved Korakiik, the Keladi envoy and thwarted the Renegade Lord. You try to turn your ship back to the Starport but she is badly damaged. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 3-6, turn to 231
If you score l-2,turn to 242

214
You try to throw him over your hip but he is solid and immovable, his powerful blue-skinned frame is many times more powerful than yours, as his race evolved on a high-gravity world. He grunts in indignation and cuffs you to the ground. Low 2. Endurancepoints. 'I am in a hurry,' he says, controlling his anger, 'on important diplomatic business, but I will make sure you arc demoted for this outrageous assault.' He enters his Time Machine, and then storms back past you with a message capsule which he has retrieved from inside, and strides bullishly towards the exit of the Eiger Vault. Will you:

Follow Lord Silvermane to find out where he is going?
Return to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 142
Turn to 119

215
You have taken them by surprise and they both slump to the floor. You step over them and go through the door. Inside is a bedchamber, and sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silk awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death look natural, you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. His face turns blue as he dies. You leave the room, hoping to slip back out to the flyer without being seen. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 1-3, turn to 170
If you score 4-6, turn to 127

216
The bear is not clever enough to be affected. It just snarls and rushes at you. You have no time to do anything other than meet it in unarmed combat. Turn to 112.

217
You hurl a blast of thought at your pursuer, but too late realise that he has no mind, is in fact a cydroid. The cydroid lifts you easily above its head and throws you against a wall. Lose 6 Endurance points. Do you:

Reach for your blaster?
Attempt a flying kick to its head?
Turn to 159
Turn to 197

218
As you take aim you are hit by the fragments of an energy grenade fired by the weapon of the second guard, who has a launcherattached to his laser-rifle. You lose 14 Endurance points. If you are still alive you manage to blast. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 232
If you score 2-5, turn to 27

219
You describe the situation to Lynx and tell her that Bloodhound had also been sent by Yelov to kill you and that he is now watching over Napoleon at the hamlet of Shevardino. Your horse has been frightened away and you set out on foot to explore the battle line nearer the redoubts. As you approach, bugles sound behind you and a great charge of French infantry is launched with Marshal Ney at their head. The Frenchmen, singing the Marseillaise, come on shoulder to shoulder, mag- nificent in their blue and white uniforms. You are swept up in the charge and carried forward, unable to do anything against the hundreds of men, exhilarated in the heat of battle. On the redoubt ahead of you, the Russian commander, Prince Bagration, rides out in front of his line of green-jacketed men and salutes the French columns, crying in French, 'Bravo, messieurs, c'est superbe!' As you approach Bagration's men they unleash a hail of musket fire and you take this opportunity to throw yourself to the ground as if dead, and let the charge pass over you.
Afterwards, battered and muddied, you pick yourselves up. You have found no trace of the Renegade Lord and Lynx suggests you return to Napoleon's Command Post at Shevardino in case Bloodhound needs help. You agree and after a short time lost in the fog of battle, you approach the Emperor and his staff. Bloodhound rides to greet you and you tell him what has passed between you and Lynx. Turn to 183.

220
Where will you search for Lord Speke?

In the time of Alexander the Great?
Earth 2700 AD at the time of the great interstellar colonial expansion?
The planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of Time tampering with the past?
The planet Dyskra, home of the Repnids, in 1985 AD?
Turn to 303
Turn to 249
Turn to 138
Turn to 373

221
You draw and blast with the speed of a cobra. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 70
If you score 2-6, turn to 152

222
Acting with the instincts of a trained combateer, you throw yourself through the air, roll, and come up in a shooting position on one knee, both hands steadying your blaster. A translucent beam of ruby light connects the tip of the laser rifle to the wall of the bay, behind your shoulder, severing a camera from its gymbals, and the Eiger Vault energy weapon siren begins to wail. You open fire. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 105
If you score 2-5, turn to 238

223
You use your power of Psychic Awareness to enter the communal mind of the Creche. Their alien thought patterns are disturbing but your initial impression is one of group harmony. They think a message back to you which seems devoid of emotion: We note your thought probe. Under TIME regulations you arc beyond the parameters of permitted activity. We must inform the other Lords, those who are not we, myself. Their mandibles click and via your Universal Translator you understand that they are informing the other Lords that you have tried to read their minds. Lord Pilota smothers a smile, but the waters of Kirik's tank boil as his pincers thresh angrily. Silvermane shakes his head in seeming disappointment whilst Speke shouts angrily, 'How dare you? You are risking an interstellar incident.' Turn to 194.

224
Twin pulses from your lasers light up the back of the Phocian's ship. You have hit part of the main drive reactor and the Corsair hangs in space, drifting. Small puffs of flame at one side of its hull show you that the pilot is using the weak retro rockets in an attempt to angle his ship towards that of the Keladi envoy. It will be a few minutes, you estimate, before he is able to target his lasers. Do you:

Match velocity with the stricken hulk and board her?
Finish her off with your ship's pulse lasers?
Turn to 263
Turn to 276

225
You try to barge one of the mongols out of the way, but fail to knock the stocky man over. He dives at you and the other guard strikes you across the back of the head with his sabre hilt. By the timeyou recover you have been bound hand and foot and they are examining your blaster and helmet. Powerless without the helmet, you are aghast to hear, as they carry you to the palace, that they regard you as a witch spirit of the Everlasting Blue Sky and will sew up your mouth and nostrils before killing you, lest your spirit escape to haunt them. You struggle but cannot get free. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

226
The two mongols step back, feeling the force of your Thinkstrike but are not stunned. Seeing you, they draw their swords and charge. You have no option but to use your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 311
If you score 2-4, turn to 239

227
Your Thinkstrike works. The hussar clutches his forehead and then tumbles gracefully from the saddle into the brook with a splash. As he lies there, spluttering, you seem to see an uncanny resemblance to the portraits of your early ancestors. An uneasy feeling comes over you as you spur your horse on, out of the hollow. Looking back you see the hussar emptying water out of his shako. Turn to 145.

228
You set your two controlled mongols against the Imperial Guardsman and the general who cry the alarm. You take advantage of the battle to slip through the door and into the room beyond.
Inside is a bedchamber, and sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silk awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. You sense that your controlled guards will soon be defeated. You do not have much time. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death seem natural, you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. His face turns blue as he dies. Suddenly the door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard run in and charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 189
If you score 2-5, turn to 201

229
Back in your Time Machine you catch your breath and decide where in time to travel to next. Will you:

Try to track down Lord Speke?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados in 3033AD?
Turn to 220
Turn to 284

230
Lord Silvermane seems a little alarmed but he says, 'I am on important diplomatic business which cannot wait. Besides, it is not for me to cause an incident by compromising one of my fellow Lords. I will, however, give a report to Agidy Yelov and 1 will be available to meet you at 12.00 tomorrow.' With that he turns on his heel and strides bullishly towards the exit of the Eiger Vault. Do you:

Return to Falcon's Wing? Turn to 119 Follow Silvermane to find out where he is going? Turn to 142

231
You manage to turn the stricken ship back towards the Starport. As you do so you notice on the rear scanner an asteroid mining ship appear from behind the Asteroid Belt, and your Psychic Awareness registers the presence of a being with great powers of the mind, probably the Renegade Lord. You catch a thought, Golden Horde and then, self destruct. To your surprise the mining ship blossoms into a flowering white light, like a star gone nova, as it explodes. Is the Renegade Lord dead, you wonder? It takes all of your skill to land the under-powered Corsair ship which groans and shudders during re-entry but, thankfully, gains the safety of the Starport, after a very hard landing. Wasting no time, you run to Falcon's Wing before Starport Security come to question you. CAIN tells you that he registered a Variac Drive emisson from the centre of the asteroid mining ship just before it blew up. Whoever it was used their Time Machine to wink out to safety. Do you have a nuclear bomb? If you do, turn to 415. If you do not, turn to 306.

232
[score a G]
Your aim was true. A lancing white bolt of superheated plasma erupts against one of the guards. He is blown back against the end wall of the corridor and then slumps to the floor. The second guard runs off as two security droids arrive. You walk up to the fallen man after giving your Security Code to the hovering droids as they aim their stun-lances at you. You identify yourself. Satisfied, they begin to hunt the second assassin. Your fallen assailant is dying, there is nothing you can do to save him. You ask him who sent him and lean close to hear him gasp: TIME Lord...' but the rest is lost in a spasm of coughing as he dies. You may keep his psionic damping circlet.
This would impede your own powers of the mind but may be useful. Note it on your Agent Profile, if you wish to keep it. You head back to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Turn to 336.

233
Your blow is blocked with surprising speed. Before you can dodge, his forearm catches you in the stomach, throwing you back against a wall. Lose 4 Endurance points. You are amazed at his speed and strength. Will you:

Go for your blaster?
Aim a flying kick at his head?
Turn to 5
Turn to 18

234
You regain control for a moment but the Renegade Lord tries to subdue your will once again. Do you have a Psionic Damper? If you do, turn to 288. If you do not, turn to 282.

235
Cautiously you descend onto the ooze of the forest floor which is covered with rolling ferns. You cast around with your holo- detector for some time, picking your way across the treacherous ground. Within minutes you have scanned the area of the Timehole without finding anything more than a few giant, black centipedes, a metre long or more. As you return to Falcon's Wing your attention is caught when the surface of the swamp ripples slightly. You cannot see beneath the floating green scum, but decide to hurry the last few steps to the Access Hatch. Suddenly, the surface parts and huge jaws surge towards you. A fifty-foot prehistoric crocodile is lumbering towards you with startling pace. Will you:

Use your Power of Will to stop it attacking?
Use your blaster on the monster?
Turn to 379
Turn to 326

236
You put your hands on your head and tell Bloodhound that if he kills you, all on Earth will perish, imploring him to consult CAIN's memory banks. 'Stop playing for time, Falcon,' he barks, readying his blaster. Do you:

Insist that you are not just playing for time?
Try to control Bloodhound with your Power of Will?
Go for your blaster?
Turn to 182
Turn to 198
Turn to 86

237
A nearby outcrop of rock proves to be a hologram. Lord Speke or another traveller in time is here. You walk through the hologram and see a Model B Time Machine, that of one of the human or humanoid Lords of TIME. From the markings you guess it to be that of Lord Speke and, surprisingly, he has left the Access Hatch on automatic, an extraordinarily careless mistake. You are drawn up into the machine and come to rest on the Access Disc. Lord Speke, dressed as a Macedonian soldier, is sitting in his crash couch, examining a Macedonian sword of unusually fine craftsmanship. He has not noticed you. The floor of his machine is strewn with maps, charts and texts in the languages of the period. There is a beautiful wooden display cabinet full of ancient Greek weapons, including a fine collection of swords which appear to be originals, showing no sign of age, as if they had been cast quite recently. His Molecular Converter has not been used recently, despite Speke's clothes. Then he looks up and sees you. You remove your helmet and he recognises you.
'Falcon, you have caught me in the act,' he says despondently. He says he will give himself up and he explains that for some time he has been breaking the First Law of TIME and living as an ancient Greek. He has always been careful not to upset the Timelines seriously, but he knows he has been acting wrongly. His collection of ancient Greek weapons is authentic and he has even buried ancient artifacts in places where he could 'discover' them as archaeological finds in the 31st century. You look into his mind, with his consent, and see that it is all true - Speke is not the Renegade Lord. Tears run down his face as he realises his hobby is over. 'At least,' he says, 'I can say I saw the man whose people thought he was a god.' He asks you how you discovered him and you tell him about your mission. He is shocked by the news of a traitor Lord but offers a few words of advice. 'It is not likely to be either Pilota, or myself - we are both Earther stock and interference with Earth's past might mean that we had never existed!' You thank Speke, but feel obliged to order him to return to 3033 AD and give himself up. Downcast, he assents. You leave and return to Falcon's Wing to continue with your mission. Have you spoken with Special Agent Bloodhound since your mission began? If you have, turn to 338. If you have not, turn to 52.

238
He ducks and the white-hot bolt of plasma scores a furrow in the shoulder of his Power Armour without penetrating. He fires another cutting streak from his laser rifle but his aim is slightly off, and he only catches you in the leg, though this almost parts company with your body - lose 8 Endurance points. You collapse to the floor. If you are still alive, turn to 277.

239
Your aim is off and although the general is thrown backwards by a bolt of lightning from your blaster the Emperor's guard survives and gives the alarm before charging at you. You have time to use your blaster once more before you are impaled upon his curved sword. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 311
If you score 2-4, turn to 305

240
You are not fast enough and the knife lodges in your chest, up to the hilt. Before you can recover from the pain, Lynx follows up with a tremendous blast of mental energy, a Thinkstrike. Its power bursts against your unprepared mind and you lose consciousness. Turn to 62.

241
Using your power of Psychic Awareness you explore the mind of Lord Speke. He is currently trying to visualise you dressed in the garb of an ancient Greek. Upon realising that you are probing his mind he suffers a flash of guilt and anxiety but then, strangely,calmshisthoughtsandsendsamessage:Iputitdownto youthful exuberance, but you should not be behaving in this way. You decide to break thought contact. Speke looks at you disapprovingly. Will you:

Give a speech of thanks to bring the ceremony to a close?
Turn to 167

Continue to probe the mind of another Lord? If you wish to probe

Silvermane,
The Creche,
Kirik,
or Pilota
Turn to 280
Turn to 223
Turn to 209
Turn to 319

242
The computer flashes up a revised Damage Report:

LIFE SUPPORT	-INOPERATIVE
MAIN DRIVE	-INOPERATIVE
ATTACK LASERS	-INOPERATIVE
CABIN PRESSURE	-DROPPING
SCANNERS	-INOPERATIVE
LASCOM SYSTEM	-INOPERATIVE

The ship has taken too much damage and is breaking up. Your body explodes as the air is sucked out into space. You have failed.

243
If you wish to do so you may use CAIN to look at the files on each of the Lords of TIME. Each file has a number corresponding to a paragraph in this book. You should note these down in the boxes provided on your Agent Profile. You may turn to these whenever you are in your Time Machine, but alwaysnote the number of the paragraph you are already at, as no paragraph numbers to turn to will be given in the files. The file paragraph numbers are as follows: Lord Speke: 396, Lord Silvermane: 399, Lord Kirik: 395, Lord Creche 82282: 398, Lord Pilota: 397.
When you are ready you may either ask CAIN the current whereabouts of the Lords of TIME, turn to 295, or ask if there have been any expeditions into the past since the death of Agent Q, turn to 307.

244
Your voice sounds flat and mechanical, unlike anything they have ever heard, as it comes via your Translator. Shocked, they exchange glances. You have the chance to take them by surprise. Do you:

Use your blaster on both of them?
Force your controlled guards to attack them?
Turn to 287
Turn to 298

245
You exert your will to dominate the strong mind of Silvermane, Lord of TIME. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 8-12, turn to 148
If you score 2-6, turn to 166
If you score 7, roll again.

246
You shoulder charge one of the astonished mongols and sprint away from the city, before the others can act. Your pursuers halt to examine in disbelief the hole you blasted. You hope your actions have not seriously changed the Timelines. Arriving back at the cave mouth you see a large bear poking at the flyer. If you blast it you will damage the flyer. Do you:

Try to Thinkstrike the bear?
Move in to attack the bear using unarmed combat?
Turn to 216
Turn to 112

247
At the top of the stairs is a landing leading to a door with gold panels. A blackened staff with a tuft of horsehair hanging down from its top has been driven into the floor before it. A member of the Imperial Guard, dressed immaculately in gold and black lacquered armour is talking to an older man he refers to as 'Noyan' or general, who wears the long wraparound cloak of leather lined with fur, called a del, that the mongols wear when not at war or if they cannot afford armour. You guess that this must be Ogedai's room, as the balcony must be just beyond it. You decide to Thinkstrike them both in quick succession. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 215
If you score 2-5, turn to 226

248
Your blaster emits its lightning bolt of white-hot plasma and Bloodhound dies. Suddenly, you feel the attack of the Renegade Lord, concentrating everything in a Thinkstrike against you. A wave of mental energy flows into you and your brain goes haywire. You seem to feel hot, cold, rain and fire all at once. It is as if you can see all colours at once and myriad voices speak every word in every language you have ever studied. Your brain overheats, literally burning itself out like a faulty electric motor. You are a zombie, incapable of thought, swaying on your horse and gurgling like a baby. You have failed.

249
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Earth, 2700 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole of Earth 2700 AD. When you have translated this location into co- ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
Your external camera pivots, showing a large Starport loading hangar which appears to be completely automated. An Andromeda class Star Freighter of the series commissioned in 2692 AD, to supply the outer colonies, rests nearby, its immense cargo doors open for the robot cranes and packers. A line of the robot packers is quite close to Falcon's Wing which is disguised by hologram to resemble a large cold store. CAIN tells you that you are in the Calgary Starport and that the Star Freighter is the Earth Federation ship Frank Whittle, named after the inventor of the jet engine used in aeroplanes of the 20th century. It is being loaded with supplies for the new colony world of Ascension, in particular the serum which will save almost the entire population from the deadly viral infection which broke out about ten days ago and is ravaging the colony. You can see no sign of Speke or his machine, but it could easily be beyond the Freighter. You decide to check the hangar with your holo- detector and CAIN prepares the uniform of a maintenance technician of 2700 AD in the Molecular Converter. You put on the boiler suit with its markings proclaiming you a grade 3 Robotech, attached, to Calgary Starport. You are walking towards the Freighter, when with a hiss and a screech the boom of a packing robot descends upon you as if you were a piece of cargo. Its huge grab opens - evidently it intends to pack you!
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 250
If you score 2-5, turn to 353

250
You jump aside just in time and the packer swings away once more. You are not disturbed again while checking the hangar, but find no trace of a Time Machine or Lord Speke. You return to Falcon's Wing, take off the boiler suit and feed it back into the Converter. Where will you search for Lord Speke next?

In the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
The planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of Time tampering with the past (if you have not done so already)?
The planet Dsykra, home of the Repnids, in 1985 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Turn to 303
Turn to 418
Turn to 373

251
A soldier is stumbling towards the ambulance asking for a surgeon and one of Napoleon's Chasseurs has turned to see what is happening. The wounded soldier begins to clamber up to the doors at the back of the carriage. The eyes of the Chasseur, watching you, seem to glaze over and he turns away, as if unconcerned. The ambulance turns down the hill towards a hollow in the hillside and you run towards it. As the wounded soldier reaches for the handle he falls back, screaming, and lies limp on the turf. Do you:

Use your Power of Will on whoever is inside?
Thinkstrike whoever is inside?
Use your Power of Will to control the driver and try to cause the ambulance to tip over?
Turn to 330
Turn to 229
Turn to 176

252
You are wiping the sweat from your brow when, suddenly, with bloodcurdling cries, a mass of horsemen burst from the trees behind you. They are armed with shortbows, hooked lances and curved swords. Their weathered yellow faces with oriental eyes and black moustaches are creased with the joy of slaughter. Many have conical helmets, spiked with a plume of horsehair at their centre. They wear painted strips of oxhide, laced together for armour over leather jackets and breeches. There seem to be hundreds of them boiling from the cover of the trees, too many for you to use your mental powers. Will you:

Run for the shelter of the village?
Run the longer distance back to Falcon's Wing?
Use your blaster on them?
Turn to 353
Turn to 368
Turn to 343

253
You bank and dive as twin laser pulses from the Phocian flash past your ship into the blackness of space. Then the Phocian increases speed. A third, larger ship appears on the Scanner beyond an Asteroid Belt, and the Corsair "changes course to intercept. You match course and increase speed as a second message reaches you, this time from the larger ship. This is the Clanship Keladan III; we are on a priority diplomatic mission. Do not attack. Repeat, do not attack. Change course. We are Keladi, do not attack.' You realise that this is the envoy ship carrying Korakiik, and that they will soon be within the attack range of the Phocian Corsair. You try desperately to target your lasers for another shot. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 224
If you score 2-7, turn to 178

254
You hurtle away from Karakorum and soon see a greyness on the horizon ahead of you. When the flyer slows down near Vienna you are in daylight once more, but the sun is low in the sky.TheflyerdescendsgentlyintoFalcon'sWingandthelaunch doors open automatically and the crash couch swivels and slides down into position before the instrument console. CAIN greets you with the information that the flyer you sensed leaving Karakorum as you arrived there returned to the Time Machine that you located near to your own. This machine then winked out, but another has recently arrived. Next CAIN flashes up .1 camera shot of the ground outside Falcon's Wing and you see Special Agent Bloodhound, focussing his holo-detector. You descend to the frost-rimed ground, greeting him. Bloodhound's news is that Yelov summoned him after he had returned to the Eiger Vault and reported you dead. When Bloodhound arrived, Yelov was deep in thought, studying a map of Borodino, a battle that took place on Earth in the year 1812 AD. As the doors slid open to allow Bloodhound in, Yelov had covered the map over, hut not before the agent had caught sight of it. He entrusted Bloodhound with a message capsule, instructing him to open it in the hovrail on his way back to the Eiger Vault and then asked him how it was, if he had killed you, that Falcon had been reported as being alive in Earth's past at the time of the Golden Horde. Bloodhound feigned innocence and threw the message capsule away, after checking it, and finding that it was a bomb designed to kill him. He travelled straight to the time of the Golden Horde in the hope of meeting you and suggests you both travel to Earth, 1812 AD, where there is a Timehole situated conveniently close to Borodino, making it easy for the Renegade Lord to change the past. Do you:

Do as he suggests and go forward to Borodino?
Counter his suggestion and persuade him to come back to Earth in 3033 AD with you to confront Yelov?
Turn to 416
Turn to 261

255
You tell Bloodhound that the Phocian pirate guarding the nearest Corsair ship is under mind control. Bloodhound sug- gests that you look into this while he returns to Earth in 3033 AD, and reports to Yelov that he has successfully killed you, so that you can operate without fear of further trouble from your comrades. When he has done that, he will explore the Timelines and help you with your mission. You thank him. 'Good luck and look after yourself, my friend,' he calls, and with that he returns to his machine, Hunter, which winks out suddenly. You look towards the sleek Phocian ships and see the pirate enter one and seal the hatch. As you watch, the Corsair's Fusion Drive fires up and the ship hurtles out of the Starport, breaking the noise and launch regulations as it does so.

If you wish to examine Yelov's file on CAIN's records, when you return to Falcon's Wing, turn to 15. You may look at Yelov's file whenever you are in your machine, but don't forget to remember the paragraph you are at before going to 15, as no further options are given there. When you are ready, do you:

Return to Falcon's Wing and follow Bloodhound in order to confront Agidy Yelov? Turn to 45
Investigate the second Corsair ship? Turn to 71

256
You believe you have been overlooked as the slaughter and pillage subsides, until you hear them deciding to cut the ears from each of the dead and throw them into sacks. You decide to slink out of the village while the mongols are intent on their grisly ear count. Turn to 229.

257
With a great effort you manage to dominate their wills, holding them under control. You walk up to them and order them to Like you to Ogedai Khan and to pretend you are a messenger. They walk across the Palace courtyard with a rolling, bandy-legged gait and you follow. At the palace door, two more guards stare at you impassively. One of the guards, controlled by you, speaks listlessly at your command. 'We bring a messenger whose message is for the ears of Ogedai Khan and no other.' The door-guards step aside and usher you in. The doors open into a banqueting hall, the walls of which are lined with gold, the plunder of half the world. It is full of mongols, eating and drinking.To your surprise there are no tables, but a great fire has been lit in the centre of the hall. Musicians are playing fast, rhythmic music and some of the mongols strut around the fire, showing off the splendour of their leather coats, decorated and lined with fur. Others are still gorging themselves, tearing chunks of meat from whole carcasses with their hunting knives. As the music quickens some begin to whirl and leap around the fire, dancing wildly. Your guards lead you up a wooden stairway just to the left of a store-room door. Turn to 278.

258
You manage to wrest control of the ambulance driver's mind from the Renegade Lord and he sets the carriage in motion. One of the wheels strikes a boulder and the ambulance tips over onto i t s side, and almost rolls down the hillside. The doors at the back open and you see six creatures, like giant ants. Their mandibles click in agitation and their dull, red, compound eyes stare at you.
They are the six Hiver beings who together are Lord Creche the Renegade Lord. Two are carrying small blasters in the mouthparts and you throw yourself aside in case they blast you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 128
If you score 2-5, turn to 89

259
With the lightning reactions and skill of a trained combateer you draw your blaster and fire, just as Yelov was preparing in blast you. You hit him and he is thrown backwards, one arm and leg burnt horribly. He falls down through a gap in the tree carpet and you run to the hole and peer down. His body is pillowed on an eerily glowing mass of jelly, like a giant amoeba As you watch he moves feebly and rolls off onto the leaf mould that covers the ground. As you peer through the hole the darkness below is lit by a faint blue light. Something much larger than Yelov is slithering slowly towards him. Yelov cannot move! Bloodhound cuts a rope from the creepers and you blast the fungoid mass that is moving towards him. It shudders and retracts and Bloodhound risks his life going down to save Yelov He ties him up and you both haul him up to the tree carpet. Y ou carry him to Falcon's Wing and, placing him in the Autodoc, sedate him heavily, before returning to the Eiger Vault. Turn to 420.

260
You contact the mind of Pilota, using your power of Psychic Awareness. She is far away, dwelling on her chances in the next solar yacht race. When she realises what you are up to her reaction is one of pleased surprise. She thinks a message to you: I like a lot of warp, why don't you try the same thing on the others? She is amused at the possibility but thinks a warning to you that they are: a bunch of empty cargo pods. Evidently she is impressed with your audacity. Will you:

Give a speech of thanks to end the ceremony?
Turn to 167

Probe the mind of another Lord? You may try

Silvermane,
Speke,
The Creche,
or Kirik
Turn to 280
Turn to 301
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

261
You catch the hovrail to the TIME building. After about an hour, blackness engulfs you suddenly, just as the car is sliding to a halt. Someone has changed the Timelines and one of your ancestors has been killed before his time. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed.

262
Before returning to Falcon's Wing you look around the rest of the refuelling bay. Two Phocian Corsair ships, sleek attack craft, have completed refuelling. A Phocian guard stands by the personnel ramp of the nearest ship, a squat humanoid with a brilliantly coloured head, like a macaw without a beak. To your surprise, your Psychic Awareness tells you that his mind is being dominated by another. Since Korakiik is the only known psionically aware Keladi at this time and he is in space orbit, a non-Keladi must be controlling him, possibly Kirik's killer and maybe the Renegade Lord. Before you can investigate, your holo-detector begins to bleep continuously. A Time Machine has materialised behind you. Spinning round, you see a figure seeming to appear from the side of a gas tank that did not exist a few moments earlier. He looks like a Phocian pirate, but on seeing you he tips back his helmet to reveal the face of TIME Special Agent Bloodhound. Like you, he has a model A3 Time Machine, now disguised as the gas tank. His thoughts brush yours and he speaks before you can greet him, his blue eyes hard, 'I'm sorry, Falcon, I have a Termination Order for you.' You realise he has been ordered to kill you, just as he draws his blaster with the lightning reactions of an elite combateer. You dive to the floor, but are wounded slightly as the lancing white bolt of plasma sears your neck. Lose 4 Endurance points. Will you:

Attempt to use your Power of Will to control Bloodhound?
Try to Thinkstrike him?
Surrender and ask him to check CAIN's records before he kills you?
Draw your blaster and fire?
Turn to 198
Turn to 211
Turn to 236
Turn to 221

263
Youmanage to dock with the stricken hulk and, unstrapping yourself from the free-fall harness, propel your weightless body through the air-lock. Using your blaster, you break through the airlock of the other ship. The metal melts and cracks as the plasma hits it and you thrust yourself quickly up the stairwell into the bridge. As your head clears the stairwell rim, the Phocian is about to fire his ship's lasers at the Keladi envoy vessel. You have only moments before the envoy is destroyed. Do you:

Thinkstrike the Phocian?
Use your Power of Will to control the Phocian?
Use your blaster?
Turn to 312
Turn to 325
Turn to 333

264
[score a K]
Falcon's Wing reaches the surface and bobs gently. Your external camera revolves slowly until a floating platform comes i n t o sight. A hideous apparition of jointed legs and bloated brain sacsslithers over its edge and is lost to the deep. Your exterior microphone amplifies a strange clicking which your Translator reads as, '... unforgivable interruption of Kelcrrrrck'ick by a non-clan member...' Apparently there is no universal equi- valent for Kelcrrrrck'ick. Puzzling as to what you may have Interrupted your attention is suddenly drawn to the screen as the camera tilts down towards the surface, picking up some movement. Through the reflected glare of the Keladi sun you see what looks like a hundred-metre long sea monster with six luminous eyes about to engulf you.
Falcon's Wing lurches violently as it erupts from the water and you realise it is a Keladi spaceboat with its floodlights on, a rakish space ship shaped like a manta ray. CAIN chimes, They are requesting holophone contact,' and you open a channel. You strain back in your crash couch as Falcon's Wing fills suddenly with water and a cruel looking Keladi appears before your eyes, claws waving. Remembering it is only a holo-projection you relax and identify yourself as a. member of TIME, codename Falcon. The Keladi replies, 'It is well I arrived quickly. I am Rrillk, Argon of the TIME research station, here in the Biruk shallows. Had not I, a member of the bond-clan of TIME, arrived first you might have been treated with hostility, even attacked.' You ask where Lord Kirik is, and Rrillk informs you that he is at the research station on the sea floor.
You are towed slowly to the floating platform where you leave Falcon's Wing and descend to the bottom in a lift which travels down a long transparent shaft. As you descend you see various. unusual and colourful sights. A coral-cloud, flapping its way through the sea like a scarlet underwater fern and then a shoal of Gorblefish, rainbow-hued fish with anemone heads. At the foot of the shaft, a man, Garren, is waiting, one of the consultants at the research station. He welcomes you to the air breathing section, a large, transparent dome around which several Keladi gather to stare at you. Garren informs you that Lord Kirik recently travelled into Kelados' past, to the timehole in 2710 AD. You tell Garren that you must follow him immediately and he accompanies you to the surface in the lift As you take your leave, Garren hands you a small container of pills, which he tells you are synthesised from the gills of Skorarli, the sleek predator of the depths of Kelados. They stimulate the reflexes. You thank him and take one before entering your Time Machine. Add one to your Evasion Modifier and note on your Agent Profile that you have a supply of these pills You quickly instruct CAIN to switch on the Variac Drive and, using your Psychic Awareness, plot your course through null space to the Timehole in Kelados' past. Turn to 281.

265
You manage to close your mind to the Renegade Lord and tell Bloodhound what has happened. You prepare to rip open the doors of the ambulance. Do you shout to Bloodhound:

Thinkstrike now!?
Power of Will now!?
Blast to kill!?
Turn to 315
Turn to 330
Turn to 348

266
You try to trip the powerful Lord to the ground. Make Attack Roll.
If you score 2-10, turn to 214
If you score 11-12, turn to 181

267
You are acting against the First Law of TIME, but as you step towards the village well, resplendent in your silver uniform with your helmet's reflecting plate pulled down like a mirror in front of your face, the slaughter stops, quite suddenly. They whisper in awe. You point at one of the mongols and Thinkstrike him. He slumps to the ground. Next, you use the mechanical sounding voice box of your Translator to order the mongols to leave the village. Their leader kneels before you and offers homage and the rest follow suit. 'We obey, O spirit of the Everlasting Blue Sky,' he says, and they mount up and ride quickly away. The villagers gaze at you in fear and astonish- ment. Wasting no time, you gather up the clothes and the nuclear bomb and return to the safety of Falcon's Wing, hoping your actions have not seriously damaged the Timelines. You ask C A I N to what extent you have changed the past, and, to your relief, he responds, 'There is no significant change, Falcon. My files do carry a tale, however, about a sorceror who saved the village of Ramallo from the mongol Horde, for a little while. Congratulations, Falcon, you are the sorceror of Ramallo.' Turn to 229.

268
As she peeps out above the soiled saddle of the dead horse you concentrate and hurl a blast of mental energy at her, catching her somewhat by surprise since she expects you to try to blast her again. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 118
If you score 2-5, turn to 322

269
[score a C]
At this range you cannot miss and your blast overloads the cydroid's infra-red sensory circuits, leaving it temporarily inert. You step behind it and find the removable disc below which lies the de-activation switch. When you have thrown the switch you examine the cydroid carefully. It appears to be a very advanced model, equipped with a Particle Disrupter. Of particular interest is the serial number above the de-activation switch, SAT 17YV. Record this serial number on your Agent Profile sheet. Leaving the cydroid, you move on to the hovrail embarkation point. Turn to 169.

270
Your attempt fails. They look at each other and both cry, 'An evil spirit!' You have a chance to react before they cry for help Do you:

Thinkstrike the guards?
Return to your flyer and use it to hover above the palace?
Turn to 10
Turn to 63

271
As you ride up to him, Marshal Ney is scribbling hastily on a piece of paper, using the shoulder of one of his staff to rest on He shakes sand from a silver pot onto the despatch to dry the ink and, rolling it up, hands it to you. To the Emperor - I need reinforcements,' he says. As you take the despatch he asks you which general you are assigned to. Do you say:

Davout, mon general?
Ledru, les Cuirassiers?
Turn to 109
Turn to 332

272
Before Speke enters his machine he turns to you and says, 'Falcon,ifIwereyouIwouldinvestigateKirikandSilvermanc It could be the Creche, but I think the Hivers have learnt their lesson. The Creche have no individuality, they do only what the Hive tells them.' With that he enters his machine and you enter Falcon's Wing. Do you:

Travel to find Kirik on Kelados in 3033AD?
Return to the Eiger Vault?
Turn to 284
Turn to 334

273
Your phalanx hurls itself as one against the city gates, the men shouting in a frenzy, 'Iskander, Iskander!' The gates buckle under their ferocious assault and you are carried forward by the press of men into the city. The fighting is fierce and the screams of the dying are terrifying as the Greeks force their way towards the spot where Alexander jumped down from the wall. Turn to 66.

274
You find yourself unable to make your steed obey you and are left staring sheepishly down the muzzle of the hussar's pistol, as the hammer clicks shut and the round ball explodes into your forehead. You fall senseless to the ground, never to move again. You have failed.

275
You control the leader's mind and he calls his men back just before they strike you with swords and lances. They look at him in surprise as he orders them to return to loot the village, but they are well disciplined and obey. He rides with them and you, still carrying the nuclear bomb, manage to regain the safety of Falcon'sWing. Turn to 229.

276
I he stricken hulk is a sitting duck, your computer is able to target your lasers automatically and you open fire. Twin laser pulses cut through space from your ship to the Phocian's. You can see parts breaking away from the hull in the dazzling red light of your lasers. Suddenly, the scanner screen lights up fiercely; you have scored a direct hit on his Power Plant and the Phocian has been vapourised with his ship. You can only hope that his descendants were not to be shapers of history and that changes in the Timelines will be small. You have, however, saved Korakiik, the Keladi envoy, and thwarted the Renegade Lord.
You turn your ship back to the Starport. As you do so you notice on the rear scanner an asteroid mining ship appear from behind the Asteroid Belt, and your Psychic Awareness registers the presence of a being with great powers of the mind, probably the Renegade Lord. You catch a thought: Golden Horde and then,self destruct. To your surprise the mining ship blossoms into a flowering white light, like a star gone nova, as it explodes. Is the Renegade Lord dead, you wonder? You manage to land the Corsair back at the Starport without too much trouble. Wasting no time, you run to Falcon's Wing before Starport Security come to question you. CAIN tells you that he registered a Variac Drive emission from the centre of the asteroid mining ship, just before it blew up. Whoever it was used their Time Machine to wink out to safety.

Do you have a Thermo-nuclear device? If you do, turn to 415. If you do not, turn to 306.

277
The assassin walks calmly towards you, his voice hissing through the air escape ducts in his armour, 'What a pity, Falcon you seem to have dropped your blaster.' You are in too much pain to concentrate your mental powers, and you realise as he places his laser-rifle in front of your face that he is going to finish the job. This is the first time I've completed a commission given to me by a Lord of TIME,' he hisses. As hegloats a security droid appears, hovering soundlessly behind him, and discharge, its stun-lance. The assassin is bathed in blue light and jerks back suddenly as the circuits in his Power Armour begin to short out Unable to control the armour, which is too heavy to be moved without the assistance of its power pack, he falls on the floor. body arched like a crab, as the armour begins to steam. Sparks fly, and the power pack explodes, ripping his body apart. You may never find out who sent him to kill you. The security droid checks your ID and you drag yourself to Falcon's Wing before it can summon a Medtech. Turn to 336.

278
At the top of the stairs is a landing leading to a door with gold panels. A blackened staff with a tuft of horsehair hanging down from its top has been driven into the floor before it. A member of the Imperial Guard, dressed immaculately in gold and black lacquered armour is talking to an older man he refers to as 'Noyan' or general, who wears the long wraparound cloak of leather lined with fur called a del, that the mongols wear when not at war or if they cannot afford armour. Your guards repeat their words, but the general insists that he must hear what you have to say to the Khan of Khans. You know your voice will sound like a robot voice if you speak through the Translator. What will you do?

Speak, saying 'I am a demon from the ice-wastes'?
Use your blaster on them?
Force your controlled guards to attack them?
Turn to 244
Turn to 165
Turn to 228

279
You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault. All is as you left it. CAIN informs you that the machines of Lords Silvermane and Pilota are in their bays. Lord Pilota is still on Spiro's Ringworld and Lord Silvermane is in a meeting at the Galactic Trade Centre Will you:

Travel to TIME headquarters to confront Agidy Yelov?
Try to track down Lord Speke?
Go back to the time of the mongols,
Earth 1241 AD?
Turn to 261
Turn to 407
Turn to 174

280
Using your power of Psychic Awareness, you reach out telepathically to the mind of Silvermane. His current train of thought is one of curiosity about you, but this changes to surprise as he realises that you are probing his mind. He thinks a message to you, the tone of which is condescending but tolerant: You are exceeding your authority - 1 don't mind but others would and you realise he is thinking of Kirik. I suggest you cease this probing of my mind immediately. You decide to break off mind contact. Do you:

Go on to contact Kirik?
Give a short speech of thanks to conclude the ceremony?
Turn to 209
Turn to 167

281
You emerge from the greyness of null-space into a huge spaceport on an artificial island, built so that the Keladi could trade with other spacefaring races without forcing them to adapt to an undersea environment. The huge, vaulted Starport stretches for miles on each side; you can count more than forty different types of spacefaring vessels. The holo-generator throws the image of a large aluglass container around Falcon's Wing and the camera shows that nobody has noticed its sudden appearance. You ask CAIN for historical details of Kelados in 2710 AD. It chimes, 'At this moment in time the Keladi are on the brink of war with the Earth Federation. Reason: border incidents misinterpreted by Keladi as being a way of testing their defence systems. The Keladi, at this time, do not realise that many humans break the Earth Federation's laws and suppose that if one human kills a Keladi, his "clan", or all Earthers, approve his action. Phocian pirates are being en- couraged to use Keladi Starports as bases from which to prey on Earth Federation shipping.'
What could be done to change the Timeline here?' you interrupt.
CAIN waits for some seconds before replying: 'I can see one methodof changing the Timeline which would be both easy to do and disastrous in effect. The Keladi envoy, Korakiik, a telepath, regarded as insane and "clanless" by the Keladi, but the only one who, through his psionic power, understands the EarthFederation and humans is shortly due to leave Kelados orbit to meet an Earth envoy. Historically, he was responsible for preventing a war which would probably destroy both civilisations.To prevent this meeting would change the timeline to a greater degree than I can compute.' You find yourself thanking CAIN as you pull on the uniform of a Phocian pirate which CAIN has already instructed the Molecular convertor to prepare. Your Psionic Enhancer helmet now resembles the helmet of a Phocian laser-turret operator, disguising your features. Taking your holo-detector, you set out in search of Lord Kirik. Turn to 360.

282
There is nothing you can do as the Renegade Lord's mind bends its full power against you. A wave of mental energy flows into you and your brain goes haywire. You seem to feel heat, cold, rain and fire all at once. It is as if you can see all colours at once and myriad voices speak in every language you have ever studied. Your brain overheats, literally burning itself out like a faulty electric motor. You are a zombie, incapable of thought, gurgling like a baby. You have failed.

283
Your attempt to control his will fails and you are cut down by sword and lance. They leave you to die in a pool of blood, disappointed that you didn't offer better sport. As Falcon, you have failed.

284
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on present day Kelados (3033 AD). Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and,using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole of present day Kelados. When you have translated this location into co-ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
The feeling of disorientation when you rematerialise persists longer than is usual. Flipping the switch for the outside camera you are dismayed to see nothing in the floodlight but green fog The machine rocks gently as if the stabilising legs were malfunctioning. With a start you remember that the surface of Kelados is one great ocean. Your altimeter tells you that the machine is floating to the surface, the hull can easily withstand the pressure of water at your depth of fifty metres. CAIN sends a TIME recognition signal to a nearby research station.

If you have seen a nuclear bomb, a man in golden armour named Iskander, or visited Spiro's Ringworld, turn to 300. If you have encountered none of these, turn to 264.

285
Your Thinkstrike works. The hussar clutches his forehead and then tumbles gracefully from the saddle into the brook with a splash. As he lies there, spluttering, you seem to see an uncanny resemblance to the portraits of your early ancestors. An uneasy feeling comes over you as you spur your horse on, out of the hollow. Looking back you see the hussar emptying water out of his shako. Picking your way through the fog of battle you f i n a l l y come across Bloodhound again, who is pretending to fix the girth of his horse. Breathlessly, you tell him that you have detected the presence of a being with mental powers, probably the Renegade Lord. He suggests that you remain near Napoleon together and wait to see what happens. Turn to 82.

286
As she peeps out above the soiled saddle of the dead horse you concentrate your will in an effort to overcome strong-minded Agent Lynx, but she is still recovering from the near miss of your blaster's plasma and is taken somewhat by surprise. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 135
If you score 2-4, turn to 322
If you score a 5, roll again.

287
Frawing and firing your blaster is difficult while holding two men under the control of your mind. Lose 2 Endurancepoints for the effort, but make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 151
If you score 2-5, turn to 165

288
You place the circlet on your head, under your bearskin, and are ableto withstand the mental might of the Renegade Lord. In the meantime, Lynx has attacked Bloodhound and wounded him. Do you:

Go to help Bloodhound?
Rip open the doors and jump inside the ambulance?
Turn to 417
Turn to 376

289
The hussar loses his aim and has to reset the charge in his pistol. This does not take long, however, and you have only galloped a few paces when you are almost jolted from the saddle when the pistol ball buries itself in your left arm. Lose 6 Endurance points. Ney orders three of his officers to arrest you and they charge after you. You urge your mount on through the smoke of the French cannon. One of the officers, a young hussar, whose grey and red pelisse streams out behind him in the wind, has a good mount and is gaining on you. You ride down into a small dip, jumping a brook out of sight of the rest of the army and he follows. Do you:

Thinkstrike the hussar?
Reign in and blast him when he is near enough so you cannot miss?
Turn to 227
Turn to 195

290
The superheated plasma from your blaster catches the monstrous crocodile in its opened jaws. It screams in pain and, threshing madly, retreats into the swamp. You float up into Falcon's Wing, intent on leaving this time as fast as you can. Will you:

Travel to Earth in 2700 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to the alien world of the Repnids, Dyskra, 1985 AD (if you have not done so already)?
The planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of TIME tampering with the past?
Turn to 409
Turn to 303
Turn to 375
Turn to 418

291
The nearest mongol slides from his horse, but the others are upon you before you can do anything. A viciously hooked lance embeds itself in your chest and you cannot dodge their swords. They make your death as slow as possible, but you are already losing blood fast from several wounds. You are thankful when death takes you, but, as Falcon, you have failed.

292
Bloodhound, controlled by the Renegade Lord, cannot defend himself with a mental barrier and he slumps to the ground. You kneel down and revive him quickly. He is holding his head in pain, but thanks you for releasing him from the control of the Renegade Lord. Do you:

Try to control a nearby soldier and force him to shoot his gun into the ambulance?
Run to the ambulance and blast after ripping the doors open?
Turn to 26
Turn to 43

293
You don your environmental suit as CAIN informs you that the atmosphere contains a great deal of methane gas and will not sustain human life. You descend to the floor of Dyskra. As you approach the nearest of the dark red outcroppings, the ground suddenly gives way beneath you. Repnids have tunnelled to within an inch of the surface and you fall into a boiling mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in the cavern below. The end is swift, as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the deadly air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. You have failed.

294
You leave the Eiger Vault and board the hovrail, en route for the Galactic Trade Centre. As you approach its gates you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. Then you find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien aircraft on the street above you ... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

295
'Where are the Lords of TIME at this moment?' you ask CAIN. Your computer chooses a visual display for this information from the files of the Service Computer.

TIME NOW 12.41

NAME	LOCATION
Pilota	Freefall Recreation Centre Spiro's Ringworld
Silvermane	Eiger Vault
Kirik	Timehole Trip Destination: Kelados 3033 AD
Creche 82282	EPSILON SECURITY CODE INSUFFICIENT
Speke	EPSILON SECURITY CODE INSUFFICIENT

CAIN says, 'It is unusual that access to this kind of information should be denied to your level of security clearance. I have taken the precaution of linking with the service computer and I can tell you that Lord Kirik entered the Eiger Vault and left in his Time Machine. Lord Silvermane has just arrived here - at 12.40 - as have two others with Omega security clearance - at 12.33 and 12.37. Only Lords have this code. The conclusion must be obvious, even to a human, Falcon.' You decide to act on CAIN's information after telling him to shut up, and hurry out to meet the recent arrivals. Turn to 349.

296
You score a hit and three of the mongols are swept off the roof to the muddy street below, screaming as they fall. The flyer arrives, hovering next to you and you climb aboard. The cockpit canopy clicks into place, deflecting mongol arrows as it does so and you accelerate away into the night sky, engaging the Ion Drive. Turn to 254.

297
You approach the Time Machine cautiously, but before you are close enough to see through the hologram which surrounds it a shock jars you. Lose 5 Endurance points. You have brushed against a force field which protects the machine. Since you cannot penetrate this shield you decide to search the battlefield for the Renegade Lord. Turn to 49.

298
Taken by surprise, the general and the Imperial Guardsman are swiftly cut down. You manage to keep your guards under control and order them to lead the way through the door. Inside is a bedchamber, and sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan, still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silken awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. Do you:

Order the two guards under your control to kill Ogedai?
Order them to guard the door and kill Ogedai yourself?
Turn to 341
Turn to 309

299
Fear and desperation spur you to superhuman efforts as you concentrate your mind and Thinkstrike the Renegade Lord, but you are fighting against a strong mental barrier. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 9-12, turn to 50
If you score 2-8, turn to 9

300
Falcon's Wing reaches the surface and bobs gently. Your external camera revolves slowly until a floating platform comes into sight. Two hideous apparitions of jointed legs and bloated brain sacs slither over its edge and are lost to the deep. Your exterior microphone amplifies a strange clicking which your Translator reads as, '... unforgivable interruption of Kelcrrrrck'ick by a non-clan member...' Apparently there is no universal equivalent for Kelcrrrrck'ick. Puzzling as to what you may have interrupted, your attention is suddenly drawn to the screen as the camera tilts down towards the surface, picking up some movement. Through the reflected glare of the Keladi sun you see what looks like a hundred-metre long sea monster with six luminous eyes about to engulf you.
Falcon's Wing lurches violently as it erupts from the water and you realise it is a Keladi spaceboat with its floodlights on, a rakish space ship shaped like a manta ray. CAIN chimes, They are requesting holophone contact,' and you open a channel. You strain back in your crash couch as Falcon's Wing fills suddenly with water and a cruel looking Keladi appears before your eyes, claws waving. Remembering it is only a holo-projection you relax and identify yourself as a member of TIME, codename Falcon. The Keladi replies, 'It is well I arrived quickly. I am Rrillk, Argon of the TIME research station, here in the Biruk shallows. Had not I, a member of the bond-clan of TIME, arrived first, you might have been treated with hostility, even attacked.' You ask where Lord Kirik is, and Rrillk informs you that he has just used his Time Machine to go back to the Timehole in Kelados' past, 2710 AD. You decide to follow him immediately, and thanking Rrillk for his help, disengage the holophone connection and ask CAIN to engage the Variac Drive. Turn to 281.

301
Using your power of Psychic Awareness you explore the mind of Lord Speke. He is currently trying to visualise you dressed in the garb of an ancient Greek. Upon realising that you are probing his mind he suffers a flash of guilt and anxiety, but then, strangely, calms his thoughts and sends a message: I put itdown to youthful exuberance, but you should not be behaving in this way. You decide to break thought contact. Speke looks at you disapprovingly. Will you:

Give a speech of thanks to bring the ceremony to a close?
Turn to 167

Continue to probe the mind of another Lord? If you wish to probe

Silvermane,
The Creche,
Kirik
Turn to 280
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

302
Your blaster spouts white-hot bolts of plasma, cutting a swathe through the horsemen. Ten or more perish and the squealing of their horses rings in your ears. Seeing what they take to be evil monk, they turn tail and flee. They are followed by the rest of the horsemen in the village as the word of your evil magic is shouted one to another.
Still carrying,the nuclear bomb, you go back to Falcon's Wing, hoping your actions have not seriously changed the Timelines. You ask CAIN to what extent you have changed the past and to your relief, he responds, 'There is no significant change, Falcon. My files do carry a tale, however, about a sorcerer who saved the village of Ramallo from the mongol horde, for a brief time. Congratulations, Falcon, you are the sorcerer of Ramallo,' CAIN then adds, 'Lucky to be alive.' You tell CAIN to shut up. Turn to 229.

303
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole in the time of Alexander the Great. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole of Alexander the Great. When you have translated this location into co-ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
You rematerialise and the holo-projector makes Falcon's Wing look like a bleak hillock. Your exterior camera shows a small range of desolate hills giving way to a dry plain crossed by a small river. You press hold and the camera stops swivelling as a small city of mud-baked houses surrounded by tall, white stone walls and towers appears. A pall of smoke hangs above it and the gates have been flattened. Before the city is an army, celebrating victory, amidst piles of booty, in their camp. A stricken figure in golden armour is lying on a litter outside a great white tent, tended by doctors in grey robes. Others, soldiers and officers, stand about him, anxiously.
You ask CAIN what happened here, historically. He chimes, This city is the local capital. The people marched out to give battle to Alexander the Great and his army of Macedonians and troops from other conquered lands, but fled when they saw Alexander and his men. Alexander is returning from India to Babylon, the capital of his new empire and decided to take this city.His men did not want to risk their lives again and he led the assault in an attempt to inspire them. Realising that he was risking his life, his men threw themselves onto the siege ladders, but these broke in their eagerness. Two men only were with Alexander when he jumped down into the city and he was severely wounded before the Macedonians broke down the gates and rescued him, massacring the townspeople in their frenzy.'
'Thank you CAIN,' you interrupt. 'What action would change the Timeline here?'
CAIN says: The assassination of Alexander would seem the most likely option, but I cannot compute the effect this would have on the past. Alexander will die in only a few years from now at the age of thirty-three and his empire will be divided up and fought over by his successors.' CAIN programmes the Molecular Converter to create the dress of a phalangite, a Macedonian warrior, and you step from Falcon's Wing wearing sandals, bronze greaves, a long heavy skirt of boiled leather strips, a breastplate, a small round shield strapped to your left forearm and your Psionic Enhancer becomes a crested helmet covering your face with a Y-shaped slit for you to see through. Unable to wield a sixteen-foot-long 'sarissa' you make do with a shortsword. Your blaster and holo-detector are concealed under your red cloak. You search the hills for Lord Speke's machine. Turn to 237.

304
The ambulance rattles up the hill towards the Emperor and his staff, the horses straining and you all run to intercept it. As you approach it, four Polish lancers, attached to Napoleon's escort, wheel their horses towards you. They look magnificent in their maroon and navy uniforms but their eyes are oddly glazed as if entranced. Their hostile intentions are all too clear, however, as they lower their long lances and charge at you, red and white lance pennons fluttering in the breeze. You haven't much time. Do you:

Throw yourself to the ground so that the horses pass over you knowing that they will try to avoid trampling you?
Thinkstrike one of the Lancers?
Pull out your blaster and shoot one of their horses?
Turn to 410
Turn to 129
Turn to 389

305
You are too slow. The Emperor's guard lunges swiftly as your finger closes on the trigger. His sword buries itself in your heart a moment before the white-hot plasma of your Waster causes his own body to explode. You die together and the Space Federation will never be. You have failed.

306
You ask CAIN for information on the Golden Horde. The computer responds: 'The Golden Horde was a name given to mongol tribesmen of the 12th and 13th century on Earth.' Looking at your Timehole map you can see that there is a Timehole on Earth in that period. Do you:

Travel back to 1241 AD, to the time of the Golden Horde?
Try to track down Lord Speke?
Return to the Eiger Vault?
Turn to 163
Turn to 407
Turn to 388

307
As a matter of course, all time trips into and out of the Eiger Vault Timehole are logged by the Monitoring Section. You ask CAIN to provide you with the log of movements since the death of Agent Q, typing your Security Clearance Code at the terminal in front of you. The screen flashes up the follow information.

CURRENT EARTH DATE 	TIME	NAME	DESTINATION
15/10/33	04.15	Q	Kelados 2710 AD
15/10/33	08.04	EPSILON SECURITY CODE INSUFFICIENT
15/10/33	09.22	Q	Kelados 3033 AD
15/10/33	09.45	Kirik	Eiger Vault Kelados 2710 AD
15/10/33	12.13	Kirik	Eiger Vault
16/10/33	01.10	Pilota	Eiger Vault 3117 AD [ABORTED]
16/10/33	06.01	EPSILON SECURITY CODE INSUFFICIENT
16/10/33	08.20	EPSILON SECURITY CODE INSUFFICIENT
16/10/33	12.03	Kirik	Kelados 3033 AD

TIME NOW:	12.40
DATE NOW:	16/10/33

It is evident that the Eiger Vault Timehole has been busy but for some reason the information has largely been classified at Theta or Omega, the only Security Clearance Codes higher than yours, held by Section Chiefs and Lords. You decide to ask CAIN for the current whereabouts of the five Lords. Turn to 295.

308
As unobtrusively as you can you wander through the camp, casting around with your Psychic Awareness. You pick up a variety of the soldiers' thoughts; some are full of fear at the thought of assaulting the city, others are casting their minds back to their homes in Macedon, more are simply bored, a few look forward to pillage and plunder. Suddenly the mood changes. Alexander has had a priest take the omens and they are not good, but Alexander decides to attack in any case. Anxiety spreads and most are unwilling to attack. The king orders his men to prepare to storm the city and the army organises as if by magic. Siege ladders are brought forward on carts. There is still no sign of Speke and you are curtly ordered to join a phalanx of men near the city gates. Hoping not to be noticed you take your place in one of the columns. Sensing that his men, war weary and far from home, are reluctant to storm another city after the bad omens, Alexander exhorts them to attack. They hesitate and he grabs a ladder and thrusts it against the wall. He scales it quickly, followed by his shieldbearer and a member of his bodyguard, and is soon atop the wall. Seeing this, the Macedonians bring up the ladders and crying, 'Iskander, Iskander!' for that is how they say his name, they rush up the ladders, which break in their eagerness. Alexander, an obvious target, is pelted with missiles and jumps down inside the city, almost alone. Turn to 273.

309
[score a T]
Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death seem natural, you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. The guards' wills seem to grow stronger, battling with yours, at the sight of you murdering their Khan. You must make another Power of Will Roll to see if you can maintain your control.

If you score 7-12, turn to 329 - If you score 2-6, turn to 317

310
You concentrate on the mongol wearing the most armour. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 275
If you score 2-5, turn to 283

311
The white lightning of your blaster throws them backwards in a cloud of blood-red vapour, but the Khan's guard screams loudly as he dies. You move swiftly through the doorway. Inside is a bedchamber and, sitting on a large litter, swaddled in silks and furs, is Ogedai Khan still weak from his illness. He looks up, his narrow eyes questioning your purpose. Golden statues, chests of treasure and tapestries line the walls. Silk awnings close off the balcony at the back of the room. Knowing what must be done and hoping to make his death look natural, you place a silken cushion over Ogedai's face and press down. His hands scrabble feebly at yours, but he is too weak to resist. His face turns blue as he dies. You leave the room, hoping to slip back out to the flyer without being seen. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 1-3, turn to 170
If you score 4-6, turn to 127

312
[score a C]
Since the Phocian is not in control of his own mind he is defenceless against your Thinkstrike and he starts to float unconscious, in his free-fall harness. You free him from the couch and tie him up with the harness before pushing his weightless body back into your ship. By the time he comes round you are on your way back to the starport. As you head back you notice, on the rear scanner, an asteroid mining ship appear from behind the Asteroid Belt, and your Psychic Awareness registers the presence of a being with great powers of the mind, probably the Renegade Lord. You catch a thought: Golden Horde and then, self destruct. To your surprise the mining ship blossoms into a flowering white light, like a star gone nova, as it explodes. Is the Renegade Lord dead, you wonder? Then you notice the Phocian coming round and you interrogate him. Your voice is mechanical, using the Universal Translator, and he readily informs you that his mind was taken over by a very alien and powerful mind, obviously neither Keladi, Phocian nor Earther. He had been instructed to destroy the envoy's vessel. He asks what is happening, but following the First Law of TIME, you ignore him.
You land safely and leave the pirate Phocian tied up in the ship. Wasting no time, you run to Falcon's Wing before Starport Security come to question you. CAIN tells you that he registered a Variac Drive emission from the centre of the asteroid mining ship just before it blew up. Whoever it was used their Time Machine to wink out to safety. CAIN informs you that you have made history here, but that his memory banks remain essentially unchanged. Do you have a nuclear bomb? If you do, turn to 415. If you do not, turn to 306.

313
You throw yourself towards Falcon's Wing. Luckily the fern before you is a hologram. Turning, you pull out your blaster, as the jaws snap shut inches from you. Turn to 326.

314
You press the button and the red star clicks forward onto the DISARMED line. You breathe a sigh of relief. Turn to 252.

315
Knowing the Renegade Lord commands a strong mental barrier, you concentrate your minds together as you rip open the doors to the ambulance. Make an Attack Roll and add two points to the dice for Bloodhound's attack.

If you score 9-12, turn to 328
If you score 2-8, turn to 193

316
You jump aside just in time and the packer swings away once more. You are not disturbed again while checking the hangar, but find no trace of a Time Machine or Lord Speke. You return to Falcon's Wing, take off the boiler suit and feed it back into the Converter. Where will you search for Lord Speke next?

In the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
The planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of TIME tampering with the past (if you have not done so already)?
The planet Dyskra, home of the Repnids, in 1985 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Earth in the Jurassic age, the age of dinosaurs (if you have not done so already)?
Turn to 303
Turn to 418
Turn to 375
Turn to 394

317
Thementaleffortmakesyoulose4Endurancepoints.Ifyouarestill alive, you fail to keep them under control. One draws his sword and runs at you, his face a mask of rage, whilst the other rushes to the door and gives the alarm. You release Ogedai, who gasps for air, and turn to meet your attacker. There is no time to draw your blaster, and you must use unarmed combat. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 367
If you score 2-6, turn to 356

318
The bear, used to the wild, has naturally quick reactions and it pulls back. Your kick lands on its shoulder, but it cuffs you to the ground with stunning force. Before you can get up it claws and bites you, eventually gripping you in a hug which breaks your ribs. You die next to your flyer and the Space Federation will never be. You have failed.

319
You contact the mind of Pilota, using your power of Psychic Awareness. She is faraway, dwelling on her chances in the next solar yacht race. When she realises what you are up to her reaction is one of pleased surprise. She thinks a message to you: I like a lot of warp, why don't you try the same thing on the others? She is amused at the possibility but thinks a warning to you that they are, a bunch of empty cargo pods. Evidently she is impressed with your audacity. Will you:

Give a speech of thanks to end the ceremony?
Turn to 167

Probe the mind of another Lord? You may try

Silvermane,
the Creche,
or Kirik
Turn to 280
Turn to 223
Turn to 209

320
CAIN links to the Eiger Vault Service Computer and reports that Lord Silvermane is leaving the Vault and heading for the hovrail embarkation point. Will you:

Use your Time Machine and follow Lord Silvermane? Turn to 142
If you prefer not to follow him, return to 336 and choose again.

321
You pick your way through the mass of soldiery towards the large white tent, and are tall enough to crane your neck and see the figure of Alexander, resplendent in golden armour with a battered helmet which sports a white crest. He is a short man, but very athletic, his curly reddish-blond hair framing a deter- mined face with piercing blue eyes. Nearby, a white-robed priest is fiddling with the entrails of a sheep. He looks towards Alexander whom he calls King Iskander and strongly advises him not to attack the town, saying that the omens are bad. The soldiersmutter, but Alexander replies, 'My business is to conquercities. I do not have time to study the entrails of sheep. Leave me alone to finish my business.' Turning to his advisers he gives the word to prepare to storm the city. The army organises as if by magic, and siege ladders are brought forward on carts. There is still no sign of Speke and you are curtly ordered to join a phalanx of men near the city gates. Hoping not to be noticed, you take your place in one of the columns. Sensing that his men, war weary and far from home, are reluctant to storm another city after the bad omens, Alexander exhorts ihem to attack. They hesitate and he grabs a ladder and thrusts it against the wall. He scales it quickly, followed by his shieldbearer and a member of his bodyguard, and is soon atop the wall. Seeing this, the Macedonians bring up ladders and crying, 'Iskander, Iskander!' they rush up the ladders, breaking them in their eagerness. Alexander, an obvious target, is pelted with missiles and jumps down inside the city, almost alone. Do you:

Run up one of the few surviving ladders in case you can prevent him being assassinated?
Wait and leave Alexander to his fate?
Turn to 405
Turn to 200

322
Lynx's mental defences are too strong and she has the time since flinging herself behind the dead horse well. You notice the muzzle of the Master resting on the ground, under the horse's broken neck, just as a white bolt of plasma erupt* from it. You are hurled backwards through the air, dead before you hit the ground. Lynx has fulfilled her mission and you have failed.

323
An arrow catches you in the small of the back and you stagger. Lose 6 Endurance points. They will be upon you at any moment. What will you do:

Use your blaster on them?
Thinkstrike the nearest mongol?
Use your Power of Will on the one you think is their leader?
Turn to 302
Turn to 291
Turn to 310

324
You blast the doors of the ambulance away, but whoever was inside was ready for you. Two blasters open fire and you are hit and killed instantly. You may have no idea whether you have killed the Renegade Lord or not, but history has been changed and you have failed.

325
You suddenly find yourself locked in mental battle with a powerful alien will, the controller of the Phocian. It is too much for you to resist and you will be completely under its influence within seconds. Do you have a Psionic Damper? If you do, turn to 363. If you do not, turn to 371.

326
At this range you can hardly miss the huge monster that is lunging at you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 290
If you score 2-4, turn to 345

327
You press the button and the red star clicks forward one line.
The dials look like this:
Which button do you press next:
The top button? The centre button? The bottom button?
Turn to 402 to 358 Turn to 342

328
Ripping the ambulance doors open reveals a bizarre sight, six creatures like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation, are backing into a honeycomb structure, their dull, red, compound eyes menacing. One collapses as the combined force of your Thinkstrike hits home. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer, similar in design to your own and you both throw yourselves back to the ground outside to avoid the Ion Drive exhaust as the flyer explodes from the front of the ambulance. You sense that the six Hiver beings who together are Lord Creche, the Renegade Lord, are flying back to their Time Machine, with one exception. The victim of your Thinkstrike had not reached his seat in the honeycomb. Toppling backward as the flyer took off, it was vapourised by the Ion Drive. Quickly you search the ambulance and find a small capsule. It is in Interstellar Code - a message from Agidy Yelov to the Creche suggesting that if the mission is aborted, they should effect a rendezvous on planet Hel. As quickly as you can, after checking that the Emperor's Imperial Guard are not advancing, you return to your Time Machine. Turn to 161.

329
The mental effort has made you lose 3 Endurance points, but you manage to keep them under control. You continue until you arc sure Ogedai is dead, and then you order the mongol guards to lead you back through the banqueting hall to the palace gate. In the hall the dancing goes on and you slip unnoticed out into the night. Outside the city gates you tell them to kneel and then knock them out with a couple of deft blows to the neck; before returning to your flyer, amazed at your good fortune at killing the Khan of the mongol horde and living to tell the tale. Turn to 254.

330
Ripping the ambulance doors open reveals a bizarre sight - six creatures like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation, are backing into a honeycomb structure, their dull, red, compound eyes menacing. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer, similar in design to your own. The six beings, together known as Lord Creche 82282, the Renegade Lord, are unaffected by the combined Power of Will attack. Bloodhound suddenly grabs you and throws you out of the ambulance, leaping down after you and picking up a fallen musket. He is being controlled by the Creche! He aims a savage swipe with his musket. Turn to 38.

331
You call up the Free Fall Recreation Centre at Spiro's Ringworld, a massive wheel-like world-in-miniature, orbiting earth. Their holo-coordinator seems to appear in your Time Machine. She is a striking girl, her skin tinted blue with orange flashes. She puts you through to Lord Pilota's personal assistant. He is a bony, hollow-cheeked man, showing signs of the Medawar Syn- drome, the onset of rapid ageing. You identify yourself and ask for Her Lordship and the hologram winks out momentarily When the holo-picture of the assistant reappears, he says, 'Lord Pilota is temporarily indisposed. Under no circumstances may she be contacted at the moment. If you would care to visit Spiro's Ringworld, however, she will be pleased to grant you immediate audience, as she. believes she has some information which may interest you, as an Agent of the TIME Police.' With that, he breaks contact and the blue-skinned coordinator informs you that the line has been closed to all callers and asks, 'What is that weird space ship you're in?' CAIN informs you that by requisitioning a shuttle from the Eiger Base you could dock at Spiro's Ringworld in eighteen minutes. Ignoring the holo- coordinator, do you:

Set off for Spiro's Ringworld? Choose another course?
Turn to 335 Return to 336 and choose again.

332
As soon as you have said it you sense that you made a mistake. Marshal Ney looks at you, piercingly, and says, The Cuirassiers are commanded by Murat, Ledru commands infantry. What is this? - arrest this spy!' A young hussar officer who has been assigned to Ney's staff takes out a pistol and orders you to dismount. Thinking quickly, you decide there is no time to lose and, ducking, you drive your horse into his before galloping away. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 289
If you score 2-4, turn to 274
If you score a 5, roll again.

333
It is difficult to take aim in free fall, but your target has his back to you and is not moving. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 380
If you score 2-4, turn to 392

334
You rematerialise at the Eiger Vault. All is as you left it. CAIN informs you that the machines of Speke, Silvermane and Pilota are in their bays. Speke is on his way to TIME headquarters, presumably to give himself up. Pilota is still on Spiro's Ringworld and Silvermane is at the Galactic Trade Centre. Do you:

Use your holophone to arrange a meeting with Lord Pilota?
Go to the Galactic Trade Centre to find Lord Silvermane?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados, 3033 AD?
Turn to 56
Turn to 294
Turn to 284

335
Through CAIN you order that a shuttle be prepared for your trip to Spiro's Ringworld and waste no time. You run from the doors of the Vault across the launch bay to the small, dart- shaped shuttle with its huge, ungainly drive vents, each as large as the cabin. The navigational computer is already set as you strap into the Acceleration Web behind the pilot. With a flash of light the Ion Drive fires and you are accelerated sickeningly quickly. This is a Navy pilot - she has never flown civilian craft. Minutes later the Docking Computer locks onto the Ringworld, a glittering disc twenty miles across, turning silently in space and the deceleration is equally unpleasant. As you step out into the air-lock, the pilot turns and smiles, 'You stood that well - you must be fit.' You ask her to stand by for your return journey and enter the Ringworld.
Lord Pilota's assistant meets you as you emerge from the air- lock and, helping you into a jet pack, points up into the empty centre of the so-called Ringworld. You are standing on the inside rim of the disc which is rotating quickly enough to produce a gravity not far below that of Earth's. Looking up, you see the tops of the buildings, twenty miles away on the opposite side of the Rim. The assistant explains that Lord Pilota is in the gravity free zone, or free fall area, in the centre of the disc, half way to the other rim. You blast off with him confidently enough, and head for the centre of the rimworld. As you approach you see Lord Pilota, spinning slowly, head over heels, apparently at ease without the hydraulic exoskeleton she uses in Earth gravity. With a shock you realise that you cannot adapt easily to free fall and accidentally cannon into her, sending you both towards the other rim. She steadies you easily and with two deft jet-pack blasts returns you to a stationary position in free fall. She speaks, her voice high-pitched in the thin air. 'Falcon, you've come all this way to see me. Why? What is so important?' Will you:

Accuse her of trying to change the past?
Tell her that a Lord of TIME has been interfering with the Timelines and ask for help?
Ask if she has information for you?
Turn to 340
Turn to 391
Turn to 87

336
The scanner light above your head is now green and you are drawn up by invisible Tractor Beams into the relative safety of Falcon's Wing. Sitting in the crash couch you consider what to do next. You have no information as to the whereabouts of Creche 82282 but some about the other Lords. What will you do:

Try to follow Lord Speke into the past?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados, 3033 AD?
Ask CAIN where Silvermane is?
Quickly contact Lord Pilota by holophone?
Or if you are wounded and would rather spend two hours in your Autodoc now then carry on later.
Turn to 357
Turn to 284
Turn to 320
Turn to 331
Turn to 196

337
You concentrate on an infantry man who has just reloaded his musket and is passing nearby, and try to control him. Make a Power of Will Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 385
If you score 2-4, turn to 411

338
Inside Falcon's Wing you sit in the crash couch and instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive. Do you:

Go back to Earth in the time of the mongol hordes?
Return to the Eiger Vault?
Turn to 374
Turn to 359

339
You kick with the speed of a blackbelt and even Lynx is taken by surprise. She sprawls unconscious on the floor. Bloodhound suggests you run to the ambulance and attack, and you agree. As you approach, you feel the will within becoming aware of you. Do you shout to Bloodhound:

Thinkstrike now!?
Power of Will, now!?
Blast to kill!?
Turn to 315
Turn to 330
Turn to 348

340
She laughs, 'That's ridiculous, are you insane? I asked you here to tell you that someone had been using the Central Library to investigate Earth history in 1241 AD, the time of the mongol hordes. Think again, Falcon. If Earth's past were changed, we Lastlanderswould never have existed, or had you forgotten that we are Earther colonials? I don't know how you ever managed to pass the tests of the Academy. Escort Falcon back to the shuttle please, Remo.' Her assistant switches on his jet-pack and crashes into you while Pilota moves to the other rim. Two red dots appear ahead of you, growing in size until you recognise their securityuniforms,'The guards obey Remo's instructions to return you to your shuttle or terminate you if you resist, and you decide to obey since you are at a severe disadvantage in free fall. Minutes later you are in the shuttle en route for the Eiger Vault once more and soon back in your Time Machine.

If you have seen a man in golden armour called Iskander, turn to 114. If you have seen a Phocian pirate, turn to 34.

If you have seen neither of these, do you:

Try to follow Lord Speke into the past?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados in 3033 AD?
Move back into the Timehole that exists in 1241 AD, the time of the mongols?
Spend some time in your Autodoc?
Turn to 220
Turn to 284
Turn to 414
Turn to 196

341
You order the guards to slit Ogedai's throat. He is too weak to resist but, faced with the prospect of murdering their Khan, their wills revolt against yours and your control is thrown off. One of the guards draws his sword and runs at you, his face a mask of rage, whilst the other rushes to the door and gives the alarm. You turn to meet your attacker. There is no time to draw your blaster, and you must use unarmed combat. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 367
If you score 2-6, turn to 356

342
You press the button and the red star clicks forward onto the line before the DETONATE line. The dials look like this:
Which button do you press next:

The top button?
The centre button?
The bottom button?
Turn to 314
Turn to 402
Turn to 358

343
Your blaster spouts white-hot bolts of plasma, cutting a swathe through the horsemen. Ten or more perish and the squealing of their horses rings in your ears. Seeing what they take to be evil magic, they turn tail and flee, leaving the village alone. Still carrying the nuclear bomb, you go back to Falcon's Wing, hoping your actions have not seriously changed the Timelines. You ask CAIN to what extent you have changed the past and, to your relief, it responds, There is no significant change, Falcon. My files do carry a tale, however, about a sorcerer who saved the village of Ramallo from the mongol horde, for a brief time.
Congratulations, Falcon, you are the sorcerer of Ramallo.' CAIN then adds, 'You are lucky to be alive.' You tell CAIN to shut up. Turn to 229.

344
You haven't long in which to stop the attack. The finest troops alive at this time. Napoleon's Imperial Guard, fresh and eager, will decisively change the course of the battle. The earlier French attacks by Marshals Ney and Davout had been repulsed and the valiant Russian Commander, Prince Bagration, had counter-attacked, but been unsuccessful. His troops were flung back and he himself has been mortally wounded. If the Imperial Guard attack the Russians will be routed and Murat's cavalry will cut them down in their thousands. The Russians will have lost this war and Europe will be plunged into wars against Napoleon for decades. The guards will meet the Russian line in minutes. Do you:

Run towards the ambulance and Thinkstrike the Renegade Lord?
Use your Power of Will to try to force a soldier to fire at the ambulance?
Try to control Napoleon so that he calls off the attack?
Run towards the ambulance and blast at the back doors?
Turn to 354
Turn to 337
Turn to 212
Turn to 324

345
You throw yourself into the mud and fire your blaster at the giant crocodile which is lunging at you. In your haste you hit only its leg and the monster's jaws have closed around you before the sensation of pain reaches its sluggish brain. Powerless to resist, you are pulled below the surface of the swamp, threshing madly. Your ribs crack and you are soon too weak to struggle, drowned in the primeval swamp. You have failed.

346
You lose your grip on the blaster in your haste and before you can recover a lance is buried deep in your chest, the pennant hanging down against your stomach. Blood fills your lungs and you die before the other agents can come to your aid. At least you have led Bloodhound and Lynx to the Renegade Lord, but you have failed.

347
As you gallop away. Marshal Ney orders you to stop and then, realising you are ignoring him, orders three of the young officers on his staff to arrest you. They charge after you and you urge your mount on through the smoke of the French cannon.
One of the officers, a young hussar, whose grey and red pelisse streams out behind him in the wind, has a good mount and is gaining on you. You ride down into a small dip, jumping a brook out of sight of the rest of the army and he follows. Do you:

Thinkstrike the hussar?
Rein in and blast him when he is close enough so that you cannot miss him?
Turn to 285
Turn to 195

348
Ripping the ambulance doors open reveals a bizarre sight - six creatures like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation, are backing into a honeycomb structure, their dull, red, compound eyes menacing. One shrivels as the white-hot plasma from your blaster hits home. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer, similar in design to your own and you both throw yourselves to the ground outside to avoid the Ion Drive exhaust as the flyer explodes from the front of the ambulance. You sense that the six Hiver beings who together are Lord Creche, the Renegade Lord, are flying back to their Time Machine, with one exception. The victim of your Thinkstrike had not reached his seat in the honeycomb. Toppling backward as the flyer took off, it was vapourised by the Ion Drive. Quickly you search the ambulance and find a small capsule. It is in Interstellar Code - a message from Agidy Yelov to the Creche suggesting that if the mission is aborted, they should effect a rendezvous on planet Hel. As quickly as you can, after checking that the Emperor's Imperial Guard are not advancing, you decide to follow the Creche. Turn to 161.

349
You float down out of Falcon's Wing and walk quickly to the adjacent bays. You pass the bay used for the Creche machine first - it is empty. Then you see the powerful, squat form of Lord Silvermane striding towards his machine just as that of Lord Speke winks out of its bay, back into the past. Catching up with Lord Silvermane you ask him where he intends to go. He replies, brusquely, 'I'm on important official business, you need not concern yourself with it. Speke has just left, however, and you may well be able to guess where he has gone, if you examine his file. Goodbye Falcon,' and he hurries towards his Time Machine. Do you:

Stop Lord Silvermane and insist he tells you where he is going?
Return to your Time Machine and try to go after one of the other Lords?
Turn to 383
Turn to 20

350
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Earth, 2700 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic A wareness, locate the Timehole of Earth 2700 AD. When you have translated this location into co- ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
Your external camera pivots, showing a large Starport loading hangar which appears to be completely automated. An Andromeda class Star Freighter of the series commissioned in 2692 AD, to supply the outer colonies, rests nearby, its immense cargo doors open for the robot cranes and packers. A line of the robot packers is quite close to Falcon's Wing which is disguised by hologram to resemble a large cold store. CAIN tells you that you are in the Calgary Starport and the Star Freighter is the Earth Federation ship Frank Whittle, named after the inventor of the jet engine used in aeroplanes of the 20th century. It is being loaded with supplies for the new colony world of Ascension, in particular, the serum which will save almost the entire population from the deadly viral infection which broke out about ten days ago and is ravaging the colony. You can see no sign of Speke or his machine but it could easily be beyond the Freighter. You decide to check the hangar with your holo- detector and CAIN prepares the uniform of a maintenance technician of 2700 AD in the Molecular Converter. You put on the boiler suit with its markings proclaiming you a grade 3 Robotech, attached to Calgary Starport. You are walking towards the Freighter, when with a hiss and a screech the boom of a packing robot descends upon you as if you were a piece of cargo. Its huge grab opens - evidently it intends to pack you! Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 316
If you score 2-5, turn to 353

351
You duck, but a cannonbali, whizzing through the air, hits your horse, which topples to the ground before falling on top of you. The horse dies and you are left to pull yourself from underneath it having suffered several broken ribs and other injuries. Lose 11 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you force yourself on despite the pain. The cannon continue to roar on both sides, but you arc confident the Renegade Lord is not nearby. Do you:

Veer right to explore the wing of the battle where Prince Poniatowski is trying to outflank the Russians?
Drop back to where the French heavy cavalry wait for Murat, King of Naples, to unleash them against the enemy?
Turn to 361
Turn to 372

352
Lynx crouches, cat-like, and grabs your leg as your boot flashes past her shoulder. She heaves upward and you fall backwards, heavily. Bloodhound attacks her again, but she is able to hold you off for some time. Eventually you overcome Lynx, but not before she gashes your hip with her knife. Lose 5 Endurance points If you are still alive, you take stock of your surroundings. Lynx is out cold and while you were struggling, everybody has moved down the hill towards the battle line. The Imperial Guard are marching to the attack and the ambulance, too, is trundling away down the hill. Napoleon has ordered the attack and the Renegade Lord has changed the past. Turn to 344.

353
The mechanical packer grabs you. You swing up into the an towards an aluminium cylinder. The machine is apparently going to bottle you, but the cylinder is somewhat smaller than you are and you suppose that both packer and cylinder are stronger than you are. You are held fast, but at the last moment you manage to free your blaster and pull the trigger. The white hot streak of superheated plasma hits the mechanical brain of the packer which seizes up, leaving you dangling helpless in mid- air. The plasma sets fire to the machine and this fire spreads rapidly to a container nearby. To your horror, you see that it is the container holding the vat of serum for the people of Ascension.' Your great-grandfather was born on Ascension. The fire spreads, causing some damage to the Freighter, the delivery of serum will now be delayed by a week. Many thousands will die, including the young woman who is carrying the baby that would have been your great-grandfather. You have never existed. You have failed.

354
You run up to the ambulance together and, focusing your minds, at a word from Bloodhound you hurl a blast of thought at the mind within. The Renegade Lord has a strong mental power, but at least you have combined your minds. Make a Thinkstrike Roll and add two to the dice for Bloodhound's help.
If you score 8-12, turn to 124
If you score 2-7, turn to 100

355
You manage to reach the village before the mongols and hide yourself in an empty hut. They fall upon the village in their hundreds and their bestial cries mixed with the screams of the peasants sound like those of fiends and victims in hell. It seems the mongols kill for sport and you are certain you will soon be discovered. Will you:

Tear off your peasant's clothes and step out in your uniform?
Wait to be discovered and pretend that you are already dead?
Make a run for your Time Machine?
Turn to 267
Turn to 256
Turn to 368

356
You twist and try to side kick your attacker in the throat, but he is too quick for you and slashes your calf with his sword. The second guard rushes at you from the other door as you sink to one knee, hamstrung. You hold them off for a time, but soon others pour into the room from the banqueting hall below and you are taken. The punishment of the Khan's would-be assassin is not a pleasant one. They discuss your fate which will be to have molten silver poured into your eyes and ears before you are boiled alive - a death reserved for their respected enemies. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

357
Which Timehole will you travel to in search of Lord Speke?

The planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of TIME tampering with the past?
Earth in the Jurassic Age (the age of dinosaurs)?
Earth, at the time of Alexander the Great?
The planet Dyskra, home of the Repnids in 1985 AD?
Earth in 2700 AD, at the time of great colonial expansion?
Turn to 418
Turn to 394
Turn to 130
Turn to 375
Turn to 350

358
You press the button and, to your horror, the dial clicks forward, moving the star onto the DETONATE line. The stars are lined up and the nuclear device explodes. You and everyone else within twenty miles of the spot are killed. Your failure is spectacular.

359
You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and CAIN tells you that the machines of Speke, Silvermane and Pilota are also in the Vault. While you are deciding what to do next, blackness engulfs you suddenly. Someone has changed the Timelines and one of your ancestors has been killed before his time. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed.

360
You float down from the Access Hatch, lowered by invisible Tractor Beams. You can smell ozone in the air of the Spaceport. Rounding a bulkhead you come across a refuelling bay and your holo-detector indicates that the Keladi scoutship in front of you is in fact a Time Machine. Judging by its size it could only be that of Lord Kirik. As you walk through the hologram you are surprised to see water underfoot. Kirik's Machine is normally water filled, a much larger model than your own. Clearly all is not well for, as you look up, you see that his Access Hatch is open and on automatic. His Mind Scan is not operating and you are drawn up into his machine. The grotesque body of Lord Kirik lies inert across his crash couch, the disc which is his Psionic Enhancer lies in a pool of water at his side. The usually bloated brain sacs are flaccid and his jointed legs curled unnaturally. Looking more closely you notice a neat circular wound in the middle of one of his brain sacs, still pouring purplish fluid. There is no sign of the weapon that was used to do this. He has been killed quite recently by someone who he had allowed into his Time Machine. There is no helping Lord Kirik. Do you:

Leave the scene of the crime before you can be discovered there?
Send Kirik's machine into null-space?
Turn to 262
Turn to 382

361
As you approach the magnificent Polish lancers in their white lance caps or czapstas, blue jackets and red-striped trousers, you catch sight of the wavy dark hair and trim moustache of dashing Prince Poniatowski, who is urging his men to the attack. Then your Psychic Awareness warns you that a person with mental powers is somewhere nearby. Do you:

Investigate alone?
Go back to find Bloodhound so you can tackle the danger together?
Turn to 73
Turn to 404

362
You run for the ambulance but Lynx sidesteps Bloodhound and knocks you sideways. Bloodhound recovers and you both attack Lynx as she stands ready for you, knife poised. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 339
If you score 2-6, turn to 352

363
Sweating with the effort you place the damper circlet upon your head using your last trace of free-will. The mental attack on your mind is broken and you start moving backwards, accidentally throwing your weightless body into the wall of the bridge. The Phocian, who had turned to stare, is now controlled once more and he will soon be in a position to destroy the envoy's vessel again. You cannot use your mental powers while wearing the Psionic Damper, so you decide to blast him. Turn to 333.

364
Your horse shies suddenly and a cannonball whizzes past your ear. Looking back you see a French artillery man looking down in amazement at where his right leg used to be. It now lies behind him and the cannonball which removed it bounces onward, its momentum barely checked. There is nothing you can do for the man and feeling slightly sickened, you ride on as he starts to moan. The cannon roar on both sides but you are confident that the Renegade Lord is not nearby. Do you:

Veer right to explore the wing of the battle where Prince Poniatowski is attempting to outflank the Russians?
Drop back to where the French heavy cavalry wait for Murat, King of Naples, to unleash them against the enemy?
Turn to 361
Turn to 372

365
The horse dies and its rider is pitched headlong onto the turf. Bloodhound and Lynx Thinkstrike two more. The remaining lancer catches Lynx in the shoulder but she grabs the lance and swings herself up on it, kicking the lancer in the face. He tumbles, unconscious, from the saddle, but she falls beside him. She is badly wounded and has to return to her Autodoc. She urges you to go on saying, 'I'll see you at the Eiger Vault Rec Centre,' and wishes you luck before she limps away. You run to catch up the ambulance. Turn to 251.

366
The floor of the machine is strewn with maps, charts and texts in the language of the period. There is a beautiful wooden display cabinet full of ancient Greek weapons including a fine collection of swords which appear to be originals, showing no sign of age, as if they had been cast quite recently, but a sword and shield and some armour appear to be missing from the numbered collection, You attempt to access his computer but it flashes up
OMEGA CLEARANCE CODE REQUIRED. INCORRECT INPUT LOGGED
You divide to leave and follow Lord Speke to find out what he is doing here. Turn to 409.

367
You twist and side-kick your attacker in the throat, and he collapses, unconscious, his head striking the floor with a thump. The second guard runs at you from the door and Ogedai, recovering, shouts for help. In desperation you draw your blaster and fire at the guard before he runs you through with his sword. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 390
If you score 2-4, turn to 378

368
You sprint as fast as you can towards the group of trees which are in fact Falcon's Wing. A group of horsemen, seeing you, wheel their mounts and charge after you. They fire their bows from horseback. You try to zig-zag as you run, to spoil their aim. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 370
If you score 2-6, turn to 323

369
Knowing this will be difficult, you try to blast them both with mental energy, one after the other. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 205
If you score 2-5, turn to 68
If you score 6, roll again.

370
Arrows fly all around you, but you make it back to Falcon's Wing still carrying the nuclear bomb. You are drawn up just in time. The mongols are close behind you, but you see on your camera screen that they are puzzled by your sudden disappearance. Some are making signs to ward off evil spirits. Turn to 229.

371
Powerless to resist, you come under the sway of the alien mind. You find yourself opening the Phocian's medicine cabinet and taking out a syringe. Dripping with sweat you try to resist but you place the needle into a vein at your wrist and inject yourself with air. Your death is agonising. You have failed.

372
As you ride along the battle line, the tide of battle seems to be ebbing and flowing. The first attack of the French columns, under Marshals Ney and Davout have been repulsed, but they are preparing to attack again. Behind Ney's position Murat's cavalry are drawn up. You soon catch sight of Murat, the King of Naples himself, the most extravagantly dressed man on the battlefield, great cockades of white feathers adorning his busby. He looks every inch a cavalry general, dashing and stylish with long hair and a sleek look, but he is a veteran of many campaigns. He and his staff are before a thousand French heavy cavalry, the Cuirassiers with their steel breastplates and crested helmets each with its scarlet plume. Before you come close to him your Psychic Awareness alerts you to a very powerful mental presence nearby. Do you:

Continue and find out who it is coming from?
Go to find Bloodhound?
Turn to 123
Turn to 404

373
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Dyskra, 1985 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole on Dyskra. When you have translated this location into co- ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
The outside camera scans the terrain. It appears as a featureless red expanse of desert apparently devoid of life, but with the occasional unusually-shaped outcropping of rock against which dunes of reddish sand are piled. CAIN chimes in with a brief report on the world of Dyskra. The dominant life forms are the Repnids, intelligent beings, a strange fusion of lizard-like skin, tongue and body with a wolf-spider's legs, compound eyes and poisonous fangs, weighing about half a ton each. They burrow through the soft red rock, inhabiting cities and tunnels' underground, heated by the winds of Dyskra, a warm world with few seas. CAIN warns that the predatory Repnids are uncivilised in this era and that he believes there is a high density of life forms nearby. You estimate that it will take five minutes to check the nearby rock outcroppings with your holo-detector to see if any of them are Speke's disguised Time Machine. Do you:

Leave the Machine to check the rocks?
Go to the planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of Time tampering with the past?
Travel to Earth in 2700 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
Turn to 293
Turn to 418
Turn to 249
Turn to 303

374
Falcon's Wing rematerialises at the edge of a forest near hills. It is dark outside but you can see the lights of thousands of camp fires. Switching the camera to night vision you make out an enormous army of mongols, their horses tethered near them, outside a large town. There is a river running through the town. You ask CAIN for historical data. Before CAIN responds, blackness engulfs you suddenly. Someone has changed the Timelines and one of your ancestors has been killed before his time. It is as if you had never existed. You have failed.

375
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Dyskra, 1985 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole on Dyskra. When you have translated this location into co- ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
The outside camera scans the terrain. It appears as a featureless red expanse of desert apparently devoid of life, but with the occasional unusually-shaped outcropping of rock against which dunes of reddish sand are piled. CAIN chimes in with a brief report on the world of Dyskra. The dominant life forms are the Repnids, intelligent beings, a strange fusion of lizard-like skin, tongue and body with a wolf-spider's legs, compound eyes and poisonous fangs, weighing about half a ton each. They burrow through the soft red rock, inhabiting cities and tunnels underground, heated by the winds of Dyskra, a warm world with few seas. CAIN warns that the predatory Repnids are uncivilised in this era and that he believes there is a high density of life forms nearby. You estimate that it will take five minutes to check the nearby rock outcroppings with your holo-detector to see if any of them are Speke's disguised Time Machine. Do you:

Leave the Machine to check the rocks?
Go to the planet Kelados in 2710 AD, where Q found a Lord of Time tampering with the past?
Travel to Earth in 2700 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in the Jurassic period, the age of the dinosaurs (if you have not done so already)?
Turn to 293
Turn to 418
Turn to 350
Turn to 130
Turn to 394

376
Ripping open the ambulance doors reveals a bizarre sight - six creatures like giant ants, mandibles clicking in agitation, are backing into a honeycomb structure, their dull-red, compound eyes menacing. The honeycomb is on top of a flyer similar in design to your own. They were expecting you and two are holding small blasters in their mouthparts. Before you can move they blast you backwards out of the ambulance, killing you instantly. You have failed.

377
You realise that controlling two others will be difficult, but bend your thoughts to the task. One is lamenting the fact that he won't become the head of a touman, or ten thousand, if Ogedai lives. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 97
If you score 2-5, turn to 115
If you score 6 or 7 roll again.

378
Your hand was shaking with fatigue and you have missed your target, blowing a hole in the wooden wall. The mongol crashes into you and buries his sword in your stomach. Death is swift. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

379
[score an F]
The monstrous crocodile has nothing that you would call a mind - you locate one instinct only, to kill and eat. It lunges swiftly, rolling out of the swamp to clamp its jaws around you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 313
If you score 2-6, turn to 345

380
You are forced backwards against the bulkhead behind you as your blaster discharges a bolt of superheated plasma. The Phocian appears to fuse into his free-fall couch, his body distorting horribly; the forward scanner screen is covered with a red film. You quickly leave the scene and return to your ship. You can only hope that his descendants were not to be shapers of history and that changes in the Timelines will be small. You have, however, saved Korakiik, the Keladi envoy and thwarted the Renegade Lord. You turn your ship back to the Starport. As you do so you notice, on the rear scanner, an asteroid mining ship appear from behind the Asteroid Belt and your Psychic Awareness registers the presence of a being with great power of the mind, probably the Renegade Lord. You catch a thought: GoUen Hordes and then, self destruct. To your surprise, the mining ship blossoms into a flowering white light, like a star gone nova, as it explodes. Is the Renegade Lord dead, you wonder? You land safely at the Starport a little while later. Wasting no time, you run to Falcon's Wing before Starport Security come to question you. CAIN tells you that he registered a Variac Drive emission from the centre of the asteroid mining ship just before it blew up. Whoever it was used their Time Machine to wink out to safety. Do you have a nuclear bomb?

If you do, turn to 415. If you do not, turn to 306.

381
You walk along the edge of the forest towards the village; curls of smoke wind up from the holes in the roofs of the cottages and huts. As you approach it, your holo-detector picks up a hologram - a Time Machine has been disguised as trees. Your Psychic Awareness catches a thought as if you have discovered somebody doing something they shouldn't. Abort reconnaissance you sense next. There is a click and a hiss as of a hatch opening and closing and a group of nearby trees wink out abruptly. A metre-long metal canister rolls down from the bank on which the Time Machine had stood. You run towards it and recognise it as a nuclear bomb. The digits on the timer are ticking past, like an old-fashioned 20th century fruit machine. The symbols an foreign but you guess that all of the red stars will be in line within about thirty seconds. The nuclear device appears to be of standard design and is capable of destroying Vienna and most life-forms within twenty miles of this spot. This would change history beyond recognition. As you watch, another of the red stars clicks into place on the DETONATE line. The dials click forward one space at a time and when the middle star has clicked forward three times the three stars will be lined up on the DETONATE line and the bomb will explode. Each of the three dials has three buttons above it with which you can manually move the dials 1, 2 or 3 positions onward but you don't know which button is which. You press the buttons above the two dials whose stars are on the DETONATE line, but they are locked. You will have to move the star on the middle dial to thi DISARM position without pressing a button that will make it stop on the DETONATE line. Which button do you press:

The top button?
The centre button?
The bottom button?
Turn to 358
Turn to 342
Turn to 327

382
[score a G]
Realising that time travel would be invented too early if Kirik's machine was discovered, you manually set the Variac Drive to engage in a minute's time and pause on your way out only to pick up Kirik's Psionic Enhancer. The machine winks out into null-space and it will never reappear, but at least you have preserved the Timeline. The Psionic Enhancer carries a chip developed on the Kelados Research Station for Lord Kirik. You may slip this into your helmet for it increases the power of Thinkstrike. Add one to your Thinkstrike Modifier. Turn to 262.

383
You grab him by one of his huge, blue-skinned arms and insist that he tell you where he is going. He calmly insists that you remove your arm and makes to enter his machine Do you:

Apologise and return to your machine?
Use your Power of Will to control him?
Try to restrain him physically?
Tell him about your mission and appeal for his help?
Turn to 119
Turn to 245
Turn to 266
Turn to 230

384
You walk through the hologram and see a model B Time Machine, that of one of the human or humanoid Lords of TIME. From the markings you guess it to be that of Lord Speke and, surprisingly, you see that the Access Hatch has been left on automatic, an extraordinarily careless mistake. Will you:

Enter Lord Speke's machine? Turn to 366
Follow Lord Speke to the Greek encampment? Turn to 393

385
You bring the soldier under your control and force him to discharge his musket through a crack in the ambulance's side planking. Bloodhound suddenly tenses, controlled by the Renegade Lord and, drawing his blaster, takes aim at you. You are about to dive onto the ground when the musket goes off and Bloodhound regains control of himself. You run up to the ambulance, but before you arrive the front explodes and a flyer accelerates out of it. Six beings like giant ants, their red, compound eyes glaring at you balefully, are clinging on inside the honeycomb-like seats. One of them appears to have been killed by a musket ball. You realise it is the Hivers, Lord Creche 82282. The Creche skim low through the smoke of the battlefield, almost faster than the eye can see, making a sonic boom like the explosion of a powder magazine, the ammunition stores for the cannon. As they go you catch the thought that they are heading for the planet Hel. Do you:

Try to control Napoleon's mind and use him to call off the attack of the Imperial Guard?
Return to Falcon's Wing and chase the Creche to the planet Hel?
Turn to 37
Turn to 84

386
As you approach the line of battle, beneath the Russian redoubts Davout's blue-jacketed infantry are being repulsed for the first time, withdrawing to regroup. As they do so, a furious cannonade opens up from the Russian guns, some of which are firing in your direction. Make a Chance Roll.

If you score 1-4, turn to 364
If you score 5-6, turn to 351

387
You aim carefully from the shadows and both are felled by the bolt of superheated plasma which seems to leap from your hand One is thrown backwards through the door with a crash and the other screams horribly. A stream of twenty or more guards come running from the building outside which the horses are tethered. Whispering together, they look out into the shadows fearfully. Strengthening their resolve, they fan out towards you in four groups, drawing their swords. You cannot use your blaster in the darkness, for you cannot see where they are. Do you:

Run back to your flyer?
Hide in a stand of cherry trees?
Turn to 401
Turn to 412

388
You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault. All is as you left it. CAIN informs you that the machines of Lords Silvermane and Pilota are in their bays. Lord Pilota is still on Spiro's Ringworld and Lord Silvermane is in a meeting at the Galactic Trade Centre. Will you:

Travel to TIME headquarters to confront Agidy Yelov?
Try to track down Lord Speke?
Go back to the time of the mongols, Earth 1241 AD?
Try to arrange a meeting with Lord Pilota, using the holophone?
Turn to 261
Turn to 407
Turn to 163
Turn to 56

389
The lancers bear down on you swiftly, but the horse is an easy target. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 5-12, turn to 365
If you score 2-4, turn to 346

390
Your aim is accurate and the mongol's head disappears from his shoulders. The headless corpse takes a few more stumbling steps, the sword waving wildly, before it collapses. Acting quickly, you slit Ogedai's throat with the corpse's sword as the door swings open and several members of the Imperial Guard charge at you. You try to dive through the awning to the balcony. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 189
If you score 2-5, turn to 201

391
You tell Pilota of your mission and she says, her voice high- pitched in the thin air, 'And I am the prime suspect? I suppose you realise that if a Lastlander such as I interfered with Earth's past I might very well cease to exist. We are Earther colonials after all.'
You reply calmly, 'No, you are not my prime suspect', your voice similarly distorted.
It is difficult to tell under these conditions, but Pilota's dilated pupils suggest she may be using a mild relaxant drug. She continues, however, 'I noticed yesterday that somebody with a high Security Clearance has spent much time researching the history of Earth around the Timehole of 1241 AD. A very great deal of time, according to the Central Library tog.'
Remo, Pilota's assistant intervenes, saying,'Lord Pilota has been under stress, the failed attempt to travel in the future...' He indicates that the audience is at an end. You thank Pilota for her help and return to the shuttle. Within thirty minutes you are back in front of the console of your Time Machine.

If you have seen a man in golden armour called Iskander, turn to 114.
If you have seen a Phocian pirate, turn to 34.

If you have seen neither of these, do you:

Try to follow Lord Speke into the past?
Follow Lord Kirik to Kelados in 3033 AD?
Move back into the Timehole that exists in 1241 AD, the time of the mongols?
Spend some time in your Autodoc?
Turn to 220
Turn to 284
Turn to 414
Turn to 196

392
Somehow you have only managed to hit the Phocian in the shoulder. His shoulder disappears in a hiss of reddish vapour and his arm rotates gently away from his body surrounded by a cloud of small red globules. Such is the power, however, of the alien mind which controls him that he still fires his ship's lasers, piercing the hull of the envoy ship. There is a brilliant white explosion which fills the scanner screen and then you are suddenly engulfed in blackness. Then you find yourself in a smoke-filled shelter, a fugitive from an alien race on your own world. The past has been changed and your memories with it. You leap out of the shelter to hurl a grenade at a strange alien craft on the street above you... As Falcon, Agent of TIME, you have failed.

393
You follow the figure and as you come nearer you see that his gait is similar to Speke's, but you are not yet close enough to use your power of Psychic Awareness to test this out. Walking briskly, he enters the camp, stopping to talk to one of the soldiers. If it is Speke, he must be fluent in ancient Greek. You soon lose sight of him in the press. The entire camp is readying for battle. The horses are being picketed in corrals and siege ladders are being brought on carts. Some of the soldiers are polishing their armour. Do you:

Head towards the largest tent to find Alexander?
Go around the camp using your Psychic Awareness to find Speke?
Turn to 321
Turn to 308

394
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Earth in the Jurassic age. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole on Earth. When you have translated this location into co-ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
You activate the camera which shows that you have landed in a tropical rain forest, full of giant ferns and primitive fir trees, weighed down with cones. Falcon's Wing settles gently into soft ooze and the holo-projector casts the image of a clump of ferns around the Time Machine. A great swampy lake stretches into the distance ahead. You cannot see any visual evidence of Speke but if his machine is disguised like yours, you realise that the only way of finding it, if it is here, is to take the holo-detector outside. Do you:

Leave the Machine to search for Speke? Go to the planet Kelados in 2710 AD where Q found a Lord of Time tampering with the past (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in 2700 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to Earth in the time of Alexander the Great (if you have not done so already)?
Travel to the alien world of the Repnids, Dyskra, in 1985 AD (if you have not done so already)?
Turn to 235
Turn to 418
Turn to 409
Turn to 130
Turn to 375

395
File
SUBJECT:	Kirik
POSITION:	Lord of TIME
SPECIES:	Keladi SPAWNED:Kelados,2956
LIVES:	Kelados Complex, Biscay, Earth

# Personality
Keladi with mental powers are extremely rare. Kirik is looked upon as a mutant because of his powers and is considered 'outside caste', or classless. The metropolitan libraries all carry the rows of books needed to explain the complicated social etiquette of the Keladi. The Keladr see members of all other species, including Earthers, as below or 'outside' caste. The effect that rejection by his own class has had on Kirik is unknown. It is thought that he greatly enjoys his position is a Lord of TIME and hence as a Keladi envoy, as this gives him some standing in his home world. As with all Keladi, he has a voracious appetite and a fiery temper and retains their obsession with etiquette and politeness.

# Homeworld
Kelados. Dominant race: Keladi. Population: 4.357 billion. Habitat: temperate seas. The surface of Kelados is 95% water and intelligent life abounds within the warm seas. Kelados is rich in a great variety of marine organisms.

# Diplomatic History
In 2664 a diplomatic mission from Earth gave the Keladi all the information they needed to become a space-faring race. Since that time there have been no wars amongst the Keladi. In 2710, however, a series of frontier incidents sparked off by Earther pirate ships almost resulted in war, largely due to the fact that the Keladi could not understand that the actions of a few criminals, the pirates, did not involve the rest of their 'clan' - Earth. The envoy, Korakiik, averted war through his realisation that the pirates were 'outside caste', not true representatives of Earth. Lork Kirik, too, understands this difference.


396
File

SUBJECT:	Speke
POSITION:	Lord of TIME
SPECIES:	Earther
BORN:	Pacificon, Earth 2887 AD
LIVES:	Alpolis

# Personality
A brilliant scientist, Speke, partly due to his mental powers, was one of two men largely responsible for the invention of the Time Machine. Like many brilliant men, he is eccentric, will not suffer fools gladly and is prone to break off a conversation suddenly, lost in thought. He is a brave man and, with Irving Klimt, undertook the first ever voyage into the past, starting from 2974. They undertook several journeys together, but Klimt never returned from an investigation of classical Greece in the time of Philip of Macedon. Lord Speke has always maintained that he was killed in a drunken brawl, by a soldier, though Klimt had always been careful not to change the past by becoming involved. With the setting up of TIME Speke was the obvious choice for appointment as the Earther Lord and he has enjoyed his position ever since. He is also well known for pioneering work on the mental attack of Thinkstrike, with which he is adept. He is also Professor of Earth Archaeology at the Academy where his specialist subject is Alexander the Great.

# Homeworld
Earth. Population: 43.997 billion.

# Diplomatic History
Earth, as head of the Federation, has not faced a serious threat since the Hive-war in 2934. At this time the Hivers were completely defeated in space, though few landings on their homeworld, the Hive, were successful. There has been peace on Earth for three centuries.

397
File

SUBJECT:	Pilota
POSITION:	Lord of TIME
SPECIES:	Earther
BORN:	Lastlanding, 2975 AD
LIVES:	Spiro's Ringworld, Earth Orbit.

# Personality
Set apart by her mental powers, Pilota accepted her position as a Lord of TIME only when a gift of a solar-sail racer was offered if she agreed. She is highly intelligent, but seems not to take her responsible position as a Lord very seriously. She still seldom misses a race and is highly successful in the sport of solar-sailing which takes the courage to make a close approach to the sun and the fine judgement not to go too close. Before joining TIME, Pilota had been on the official list of space smugglers and was found not guilty of tax evasion after an investigation by the Lastlanding authorities. She prefers low-gravity environments similar to those on Lastlanding.

# Homeworld
Lastlanding. Found accidentally in 2571 when the colony ship, Utopia, crash landed on a hospitable, but low-gravity planet. It was the first outer colony. It now has a population of 0.808 billion and still attracts immigrants from Earth. It is a world of golden opportunities and great space, where it is still possible to buy unused land. Each citizen can vote on all issues via holophone in the comfort of their own home. The police force are not kept busy, but Lastlanding has become a bolt hole for those on the run, throughout the Federation.

# Diplomatic History
Lastlanding was a founder member of the Space Federation and increases in importance. As it does so, however, its dependence on Earth dwindles. They now control their own policy towards other worlds.

398
File

SUBJECT:	Creche 82282
POSITION:	Lord of TIME
SPECIES:	Hiver
HATCHED:	The Hive, date unknown
LIVES:	Hive Arkship, Sahara, Earth

# Personality
Lord Creche 82282 is a group awareness, composed of six Hivers, These beings pool their minds in order to become a living computer. They have no personality as an Earther would describe it, but in common with all Hivers, would sacrifice themselves for the sake of the Hive, without hesitation. They are properly described as 'it', thinking and acting as one. Response to any question takes a few seconds as each inputs data before there is any reaction. The Hivers pioneered the Federation's studies of powers of the mind, inventing the Psionic Enhancer. They are thought to have developed mental powers beyond that of any other race.

# Homeworld
The Hive. A dry, hot world, its surface dotted with cities resembling gigantic termite nests. Population (estimated): greater than 200 billion. Hiver factory workers are extremely hard working. The first to acquire weapons on their world, they eradicated all other intelligent species.

# Diplomatic History
The Hivers were intent on conquering other worlds at the same time that Earth was building the Space Federation. They were heavily defeated in the Space War of 2934 and joined the Space Federation in the following year. They have cooperated since that date and have traded the life-prolonging drugs which give Earthers a lifespan of 250 years in return for metals.

399
File

SUBJECT:	Silvermane
POSITION:	Lord of TIME
SPECIES:	Rigellian
BORN:	Rigel Prime, 2700 AD
LIVES:	Centridome, Asteroid Belt, Sol System

# Personality
Aged, even for a Rigellian, Silvermane is the survivor of a long struggle for power on the world of Rigel Prime. Still fit and strong, he is a shrewd opponent and a pleasant comrade. He upholds the Rigellian code of honour and is proud both of himself and of his race, seeing his role as a Lord of TIME as being to further the causes of Rigel Prime. He has a liking for spartan discomfort which is often thought bizarre by Earthers.

# Homeworld
Rigel Prime is a large, high-gravity world covered by farmland ranges. The population is 30.131 billion. Silvermane's tribe is in power but occasional differences are settled through ritual combat, no longer to the death, between chosen tribal champions. The Rigellians' culture is based upon the code of the warrior and physical strength is still prized.

# Diplomatic History
The Rigellians developed space travel in the 1890s and first contacted Earther spaceships in 2152. There was a long history of minor frontier wars as both Rigel and Earth staked claim to various barren planets useful only for the easily mined asteroids which surrounded them. These were eventually settled after the Battle of The Flying Coffins, notable because less than 10% of the personnel involved survived it. Rigel joined the Federation soon afterwards. The Rigellians assisted the Earthers in the great Hive war and without their help the war might have been lost.

400
Once safely away from the Time Machine you cut in the Ion Drive and accelerate gradually to Mach 6 with a loud bang as you break the sound barrier. The journey takes just overhalf an hour and you hurtle towards the night sky ahead of you and catch it up. The night is cloudy and dark by the time you have located the city. It is lit by torches and appears to be a strange mixture of golden-roofed palaces, wooden dwellings and mag- nificent tents, called yurts. You land the flyer at the mouth of a cave near the city, don the disguise of a Mongol warrior (prepared in the Molecular Converter), and take the flyer's Homing Beacon with you. As you slip into the city there are sounds of revelry everywhere. You overhear the whispered conversation between the city gate guards. Through your Translator you make out that the celebrations are due to the miraculous recovery of Ogedai Khan, who had been given up for dead.
Suddenly your Psychic Awareness alerts you. The black disc- like flyer, which you saw earlier, hisses overhead, invisible in the dark night. The Time Lord is returning to Vienna and the Time Machine. In the city, there is a sudden clashing of cymbals and a row of torches is brought out onto a balcony high up on the largest palace. A figure appears, flanked by guards, and you hear the cry, 'Ogedai, Ogedai Khan!', go up from the huge crowd gathered before the palace. If you do not kill Ogedai, Europe will be ravaged by the mongols and civilisation as you know it will never have been. As you draw nearer to the palace you see two guards outside its gate. At close quarters you see that they are short and well-built. Dark, slanted eyes stare out from flat, yellow faces, marked by high cheekbones and small noses with flaring nostrils. The greasy black plaits of one of them are crawling with lice. From their smell you guess they do not wash. Do you:

Return to your flyer and set it to hover over the city?
Walk up to the two guards and use Power of Will on them?
Attempt to Thinkstrike both guards in quick succession?
Turn to 63
Turn to 51
Turn to 40

401
You run back towards the flyer, hoping to avoid the groups of mongols scouring the gardens. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 11
If you score 2-4, turn to 150
If you score a 5, roll again.

402
[score a K]
You press the button and the red star clicks forward onto the DISARMED line. You breathe a sigh of relief. Turn to 252.

403
A nearby outcrop of rock proves to be a hologram. Lord Speke or another traveller in time is here! A hundred metres away a figure, dressed similarly to yourself, is walking towards the Greek encampment. Do you:

Investigate the Time Machine?
Follow the figure?
Turn to 384
Turn to 393

404
As you turn towards the hill near Shevardino on which Napoleon has set up his Command Post, a group of horsemen gallops towards you. Marshal Ney, with some of his staff, is intent on forming a plan with Murat to combine the infantry and cavalry in an attack against the Russians in the redoubt who are commanded by Prince Bagration. Marshal Ney, 'bravest of the brave', has a fresh-faced look about him, curly hair and curling side whiskers. As he approaches one of his aides calls his attention to a movement of the Russians. Prince Bagration has ordered an attack. Ney reins in and curses and then sends men galloping in all directions. The speed with which he takes decisions is breath-taking. Soon he finds himself without an aide-de-camp to entrust with his next message and, seeing you in your fine uniform, he beckons you over. Do you:

Ride up to him and await his commands?
Set spur to your horse and gallop off?
Turn to 271
Turn to 347

405
[score an M]
Almost deafened by the cries of battle you draw your sword and manage to force your way up one of the ladders, strong and big enough to be one of the first. As you reach the top a defender is waiting and he tries to spear you. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 160
If you score 2-6, turn to 187

406
Your punch connects and your pursuer takes a backward step. Your fist throbs painfully and with a shock you realise his face is dented, not bruised. He should have been laid out by the force of your blow but you have the misfortune to be fighting a cydroid. You have time to use your blaster. Do you:

Blast to destroy?
Trigger a short blast at its eyes?
Turn to 108
Turn to 269

407
Where will you search for Lord Speke?

In the time of Alexander the Great?
Earth 2700 AD at the time of the great interstellar colonial expansion?
The planet Dyskra, home of the Repnids, in 1985 AD?
Turn to 303
Turn to 249
Turn to 373

408
Bloodhound decides to make for the hamlet of Shevardino where Napoleon is, leaving you to explore the front line of battle. Which part of the battle will you ride towards:

The point where French infantry, commanded by Marshal Davout are attacking the Russian guns?
The area where the French cavalry, under Murat, the King of Naples, are massed awaiting the decisive moment to charge?
Approach the nearest troops first - the Poles and French under the command of Prince Poniatowski?
Turn to 386
Turn to 372
Turn to 361

409
When you emerge on the edge of the plain there is no one nearby, just a massive throng of soldiers around the encamp- ment. You head towards it, realising you must be on your guard as you could be challenged at any time. Will you:

Head towards the largest tent to find Alexander?
Go around the camp using your Psychic Awareness to find Lord Speke?
Turn to 321
Turn to 308

410
You throw yourself to the ground realising, too late, that they can easily pick you off from horseback using their eight-foot- long lances. You roll sideways but one of the Lancers anticipates this and pins you to the turf, his lance entering your body at the kidney. There is nothing you can do and your life slips away from you before Lynx can come to your aid. You have failed, but at least you have led Bloodhound and Lynx to the Renegade Lord.

411
You fail to dominate the French soldier's will and he glares around the battlefield and then shakes his head. The Renegade Lord has sensed your attack on him, and the full force of that powerful mind is turned against you. You are locked in a battle of wills. It is a battle which you are bound to lose as the Renegade Lord's mind is stronger than yours. All of your being is taken up with the struggle when, abruptly, the attack ceases. You shake your head dizzily, but it is only the lull before the storm. A wave of mental energy flows into you and your brain goes haywire. You seem to feel heat, cold, rain and fire all at once. It is as if you can see all colours at once and myriad voices speak in every language you have ever studied. Your brain overheats, literally burning itself out like a faulty electric motor You are a zombie, incapable of thought, and gurgling like a baby. You have failed.

412
As you crouch beneath the trees, you hear snuffling like that of a dog. Cautiously, you stand up ready to make a run for it but, suddenly mongols are closing in on you from all sides. You Thinkstrike two, who collapse unconscious, but the others overwhelm you. They are able hunters, used to the dark and able to track you by smell. You struggle helplessly, but they knock the helmet from your head and carry you to the pond's edge. Laughing cruelly, they force your head beneath the water lilies until your lungs are bursting. Your whole life flashes before you in the slow seconds of your death. You have failed and the Space Federation will never be.

413
Sweating with effort you are unable to regain control of your quivering arm and the will of the Renegade Lord forces you to pull the trigger. The lightning bolt of plasma hurls Bloodhound into the wheel of the ambulance and his corpse slumps, a grotesque travesty of a human being. Your eyes are riveted on the muzzle of your death-dealing blaster as, inch by inch, you are forced to point it at yourself. Your hand is still shaking, but your finger closes on the trigger and the left half of your face and head is wiped away. You have failed.

414
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole on Earth, 1241 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole on Earth 1241. When you have translated this location into co- ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of re-emerging in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points.
The outside camera begins to swivel, showing you the land all around. Behind you is a forest, shrouded in snow, and the hologram generator disguises Falcon's Wing as part of this forest. You are on high ground and to the right you can see a village with a few stone dwellings and many wattle and daub huts, their thatched roofs laden with snow. Ahead, the frosted ground falls away into a wide river valley. The river is frozen over, but you can plainly see its graceful curves stretching to a large walled city a few miles away. Here and there on the plain you can see parties of horsemen riding swiftly. You ask CAIN for some historical information. CAIN responds. 'It is winter, 1241 AD. The city you see is Vienna and the river, the Danube. The mongol horde led by the general, Subatai, has conquered Russia and Poland, and defeated a western army at Liegnitz, before overrunning Hungary. They are a few miles from Vienna, poised to ravage the rest of Europe. Their ruler is Ogedai, son of Ghengis Khan. He will die within the next few days and when the news reaches the Golden Horde, they must, under Ghengis Khan's code of law, the Yasa, return to the mongol capital, Karakorum, to decide who will succeed him. Vienna will not fall and Europe will be saved.'
You break in, 'And if Ogedai should live?'
CAIN continues, The likelihood is that Europe would be overrun and the Timelines changed beyond recognition. Civilisation would be set back a thousand years.' You decide to investigate the area for signs of another Time Machine and CAIN programmes the Molecular Converter to produce the clothes of a Viennese peasant: a sackcloth tunic, woollen leggings and hooded cloak, which you put on over your uniform. You step out into the fresh clean air. Turn to 381.

415
You ask CAIN for information on the Golden Horde. The computer responds: The Golden Horde was a name given to mongol tribesmen of the 12th and 13th century on Earth.' You realise this is a reference to those you saw in 1241 AD. What will you do:

Go back to the time of the mongols once again?
Try to track down Lord Speke?
Return to the Eiger Vault?
Turn to 174
Turn to 407
Turn to 279

416
[score a T]
You may lie in your Autodoc during the journey and gain up to 12 Endurance points. Falcon's Wing rematerialises at the same instant as Bloodhound's Machine, Hunter. The digital readout shows the date: 7th September, 1812. You are at the edge of some woods and, once again, the hologram generator disguises the machine in the form of a group of fir trees. The outside camera shows an amazing sight: two colourful armies face each other along a line three miles long. It is early morning, but already the battlefield is becoming shrouded in the smoke of a thousand cannon. You ask CAIN for a historical report. CAIN replies, The French Emperor, Napoleon I, has conquered most of Europe and has invaded Russia with a large army. Today, the Russian commander in chief, Kutusov, has decided to give battle, here at Borodino. The French will win a victory, but it will not be the crushing victory that Napoleon needs to force the Russians to give in before the awful Russian winter kills the Frenchmen for them.' Thanking CAIN for his brief history, you ask him what could be done to change the Timelines at this battle. CAIN responds quickly, 'Marshal Ney will win an advantage for the French, but Murat's cavalry fail to exploit this. Napoleon, unwell, will not send in his best troops, the Imperial Guard, to support Ney at the critical moment. If he were persuaded to do so he would win a crushing victory. The same might occur if Murat's cavalry were used to better effect. The Russians would be forced to surrender and Napoleon would remain master of Europe. In this case, Europe would continue to be ravaged by wars for several decades. Countless more people would die and there would be great changes in the year 3033. I do not have enough data to outline these with any great probability of being correct.' You nod and are preparing to leave Falcon's Wing when CAIN chimes again, unbidden, 'You will remember of course, Falcon, that one of your ancestors is an Aide-de-Camp, carrying messages for Marshal Ney.'
'Of course, CAIN,' you smile and ask him to activate the Molecular Converter. CAIN programmes a uniform into the Converter and you are soon dressed in the most stylish uniform imaginable. A short, white jacket, fronted with gold braid, red trousers with a black stripe down the side, a short black cape trimmed with gold, called a Pelisse, and your Psionic Enhancer has become a bearskin helmet with a white plume. Leaving Falcon's Wing, you are amused to see Bloodhound dressed as lavishly as yourself in scarlet and blue. He suggests that you acquire horses and this you manage to do, finding the horses of some French scouts picketed nearby. Bloodhound shows you a map of the battlefield he has had printed by his own version of CAIN. The nearest troops to you are some French and Polish, commanded by the Polish Count, Poniatowski. As you ride towards the battlefield your holo-detector bleeps. There is a Time Machine nearby. Do you:

Investigate the Time Machine?
Search the battlefield for the Renegade Lord?
Turn to 297
Turn to 49

417
Lynx has drawn a knife on Bloodhound and though he is very strong, he is no match for her and is already bleeding badly. They are locked together and you cannot use your blaster, neither can you use your mental powers while wearing the Psionic Damper. You aim a flying kick at Lynx instead but she was ready for you. With the lithe swiftness of a cat Lynx dodges and catches your leg as your boot whistles past her ear. She throws you backwards and you land on your head, breaking the Psionic Damper. Lose 3 Endurance points. Picking yourself up, you try again, as Bloodhound lunges for her knife. Make an Attack Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 339
If you score 2-6, turn to 352

418
You instruct CAIN to turn on the Variac Drive to shift you into null-space and to re-engage the Drive as soon as you have finished inputting the navigational co-ordinates for the Timehole in Kelados, 2710 AD. Your scalp tingles slightly as the Time Machine moves out of phase, and everything around you seems grey and insubstantial. You know that should you turn on the outside camera the screen would remain blank, not even blackness exists in null-space. You cast your thoughts into the void and, using your Psychic Awareness, locate the Timehole at Kelados 2710 AD. When you have translated this location into co-ordinates for CAIN, the Variac Drive engages once more. The process of rematerialising in real time is immediate, but seems to take about an hour for you. You may spend this time in the Autodoc, if you wish and gain up to 12 Endurance points. You emerge from the greyness of null-space and, switching on the external cameras, see a huge spaceport on an artificial island, built so that the Keladi could trade with other spacefaring races without forcing them to adapt to an undersea environment. The huge vaulted Starport stretches for miles on each side; you can count more than forty different types of spacefaring vessels. The holo-generator throws the image of a large aluglass container around Falcon's Wing. The camera shows that nobody has noticed its sudden appearance. You ask CAIN for historical details of Kelados in 2710 AD. It chimes, 'At this moment in time the Keladi are on the brink of war with the Earth Federation. Reason: border incidents misinterpreted by the Keladi as being a way of testing their defence systems. The Keladi, at this time, do not realise that many humans break the Earth Federation's laws and suppose that if one human kills a Keladi, his "clan", or all Earthers approve his action. Phocian pirates are being encouraged to use Keladi Starports as bases from which to prey on Earth Federation shipping.'
'What could be done to change the Timeline here?' you interrupt.
CAIN waits for some seconds before replying. 'I can see one method of changing the Timeline which would be both easy to do and disastrous in effect. The Keladi envoy, Korakiik, a telepath, regarded as insane and "clanless" by the Keladi, but the only one who, through his psionic power, understands the Earth Federation and the humans, is shortly due to leave Kelados orbit to meet an Earth envoy. Historically, he was responsible for preventing a war which would probably destroy both civilisations. To prevent this meeting would change the Timeline to a greater degree than I can compute.' You find yourself thanking CAIN as you pull on the uniform of a Phocian pirate which CAIN has already instructed the Molecular Converter to prepare. Your Psionic Enhancer helmet now resembles the helmet of a Phocian laser-turret operator, disguising your features. Taking your holo-detector, you set out in search of Lord Speke. Turn to 360.

419
[score a G]
Bloodhound suggests that the first move should be to find Napoleon and as you set out with him, towards Napoleon's Command Post at the hamlet of Shevardino, the French troops begin to press home their attack: Davout's infantry, in massed blue columns, storm the redoubt upon which the Russian guns are mounted and Ney prepares to send his troops against the nearby village. Smoke from the guns rolls across the battlefield and the crackle of muskets is incessant. Your fleet horses carry you swiftly towards Napoleon and his staff, who are out of range of the Russian cannon. There are perhaps fifty generals and other staff around the Emperor, many holding spy-glasses to their eyes, the better to follow the course of the battle. In the background is a magnificent squadron of twenty-five light cavalry, dressed in green, red and gold - the Chasseurs a Cheval of the Old Guard, Napoleon's personal escort. You rein in close to a group of aides-de-camp dressed similarly to yourselves, as if awaiting instructions. Your Psychic Awareness cannot find anyone else with mental powers. The Emperor looks pale and unwell, complaining of a headache and as you watch he dismounts and sits down on a folding chair. As he does so, his escorts also dismount and fix bayonets. Bloodhound turns to you and suggests that you go in search of the Renegade Lord, whilst he stays with Napoleon. Do you:

Stay with Bloodhound?
Check out the battle lines and search for the Renegade Lord?
Turn to 82
Turn to 206

420
As soon as you arrive back at the Eiger Vault you hand Yelov over to the head of Security and your mission is completed. You return to TIME Headquarters to be debriefed by your new Section Chief, Jobanque. If you did not send Lord Kirik's Machine into null-space, he sends a team to recover it before it can be discovered in 2710 by the Keladi. On your way to your quarters you are told that Agent Lynx has returned safely to the Eiger Vault. CAIN informs you that there are slight changes to the Timelines as a result of your actions in the past, but that these are too minor to concern TIME.
Two days later you stand once more in the Hall of Honours with Bloodhound and Lynx. Lords Silvermane and Pilota sit at the horseshoe table. Lord Speke is not present, having admitted to Jobanque as a result of the interest in his activities your mission has aroused that he has been breaking the First Law of TIME and living as an ancient Greek for sport. Jobanque tells of your heroic valour and the skill with which you guarded history. He has gathered all of the evidence and tells the Lords what has been happening. 'The Hivers had intended to gain power over the Space Federation. They set out to change the past in Kelados but when this was prevented they went back to change the past in two places on Earth, in the hope that at least one would be successful. Straight after your graduation ceremony they examined the chance of using the mongol Golden Horde to set back civilisation on Earth, before travelling to Kelados in 2710 where they hoped to ensure the outbreak of war between Earth and Kelados. Thwarted by you they then travelled to Karakorum in 1241 AD and kept Ogedai Khan alive, using drugs and the Khan's shamans, whom they controlled, mentally. When you killed Ogedai Khan they tried to change history at the battle of Borodino in 1812 and were then pursued to planet Hel where they, or it, died. The Hiver membership of the Federation has been cancelled, of course. We have used the . Mind Probe on Agidy Yelov: he is the traitor working with the Creche who had promised him great power under their rule. As a Siriun, he would have had an excellent chance of surviving a change in Earth's history and the Hivers were to make him Emperor of Earth. He killed Lord Kirik himself, when Kirik began to come close to finding out what was happening. Indeed, Yelov would not have sent Falcon on this mission at all, if I had not received Agent Q's final transmission while Yelov was away, and insisted that he act without delay! Yelov tricked both Bloodhound and Lynx into believing you, Falcon, were the traitor for a while - his deviousness is such that he even tried to convince you that he was loyal to the Federation right at the last moment by turning on the Creche!'
Silvermane shakes his head and says, 'How is it that Yelov ever came to be head of the Special Agents?'
Jobanque shrugs and says, 'He is a deadly combateer and a clever trickster. Only a very evil man could have escaped detection ...'
'And only an agent of Falcon's talents could have defeated both him and the Renegade Lord,' says Pilota and she asks you to step up to her for the presentation of the Golden Wings, the highest honour the Space Federation can give.
Jobanque says, 'I thank you, Falcon, everybody in the Space Federation owes their lives to you.'

# Coming Soon!
You've read the book, now continue and play the game on your home computer
From Mastertronic on Commodore 64 and Spectrum 48K
Available soon at all good software outlets
