1
Soon you are sitting in the familiar confines of Falcon's Wing, running through the systems check and activating CAIN. Immediately its metallic chimes fill the cabin: 'Welcome aboard once again, Falcon. Perhaps on this mission you will not behave in the usual erratic and emotional way common to all organic forms of life!' After threatening to pull the plug on CAIN you ask it if there is any information on offer:'Of course, Falcon, am I not the world's finest computer? In fact, there is some new data from the new Section Chief of the Monitoring Section, PoLing. A disturbance in the timelines has been noted in the timehole currently active in North America, Earth, in the year 1863. There was a civil war in America at that time, Falcon. It is also possible to narrow your search down to only four timeholes. Other agents, mainly on monitoring duties, have found no evidence to suggest there has been any tampering in any of the others,' and CAIN displays the information on the screens. Where will you search for Baal, the so-called DemonLord:

South America, Earth, 1409 AD - the time of the Aztecs?
North America, Earth, 1863 AD - the time of the American Civil War?
Rigel Prime, 1642 AD?
The Earth Colony on the Planet Dustbowl, 2764 AD?
Turn to 22
Turn to 34
Turn to 46
Turn to 10

2
You hurl yourself flat on the floor, as a volley of small javelins fly from the wall to your left, whistling overhead to clatter against the far wall. Heaving a sigh of relief, you get to your feet. Will you:

Step on to the slab directly in front of you, still close to the left wall?
Step on to the slab directly to your right, still on the front row?
Step diagonally to the right, onto the centremost slab of the nine?
Turn to 361
Turn to 340
Turn to 373

3
A river of white-hot plasma envelops the fly being. There is a burbling shriek before the creature shrivels up like burning paper and drops with a wet slap to the floor of the warehouse. Realising the rest of the followers of Baal may be here soon you disappear into the hologram of the crate and are drawn up into Falcon's Wing. Turn to 23.

4
The first 'priest' drops senseless. The other two hesitate at this, but charge on. You Thinkstrike another, who also collapses. The last hurls his dagger before turning tail and running in panic, not sure whether his comrades are unconscious or dead. You are caught on the hop and the dagger gashes your thigh. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you continue on. Turn to 416.

5
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance points during the journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME maintenance team replenishes Falcon Wing's supply of polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger Service computer to check for any news. CAIN reports that nothing new has occurred during your visit to Gettysburg. You will have to continue your search unaided. Which timehole will you travel to:

Rigel Prime, in 1642 AD, if you have not been there already?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
The colony Planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD, if you have not been there already?
Turn to 46
Turn to 22
Turn to 10

6
CAIN chimes: 'I have disguised your Time Machine as an adobe house; fortunately no organic life forms were nearby to witness its sudden appearance. We have arrived in Tenochtitlan, the great capital city of the Aztec Empire, Falcon. Its population has been estimated in hundreds of thousands which makes it one of the largest cities in the world at this time. The current 'Uei Tlatoan, or Emperor, is Ahuitzotl, a cruel and vicious tyrant. His son was Moctezuma II, who was Emperor when the Spaniards, along with smallpox, all but wiped out this civilisation and its people. The Aztecs practised a brutal religion, requiring mass human sacrifice, and, after, the consumption of the victim's flesh. Indeed, wars called 'Flowery Wars' were often fought between nations for no reason other than to garner prisoners for sacrifice. Ahuitzotl was responsible for the sacrifice of 20,000 defeated victims in one day, in this very year.' You ask CAIN to run off a suitable set of clothes for you in the Molecular Converter. Soon you are dressed in the clothing of what CAIN tells you is one of the two elite military orders in the Aztec Empire, the Eagle Knights. The other is the Jaguar Knights. You are wearing a fantastic headress of white eagle feathers, a quilted patterned jacket, and a brightly coloured skirt adorned with feathers, with copper anklets and bracelets. Your weapon is a wooden club inlaid with sharp flints of obsidian. You tuck your blaster under the jacket.

If this is the first or second timehole you have visited on this mission,
If you have visited more than two timeholes,
Turn to 13
Turn to 38

7
You materialise on the world of Dustbowl again. Examining the camera you see that you have not arrived within the domed city of Refuge this time, but at the port, on the edge of the Sea of Dust. This should mean that the priests of Baal will probably be unable to detect your presence. Crates and miscellaneous equipment are stacked nearby and to the left you can see a cluster of buildings. It is day time, and the white sun is directly overhead; the sky is maroon tinged with blue, and the air is filled with clouds of fine dust. Ahead of you stretches an endless red expanse, the Sea of Dust. Behind you and to either side, great rocky cliffs climb high above you, stretching out of sight. Perched somewhere at their top lies the city of Refuge. CAIN runs off the disguise of a Dustbowl whaler in the Molecular Convertor again, along with a filter mask and you step out, detector in hand. You look around, but no one is near. Setting the tripod up, you begin to explore its psychic emanations. You sense that it is registering the presence of a piece of the Rack! Your excitement fades though as you realise that it is lying out at sea, deep in the depths of the crater, buried under tons and tons of dust. It will prove difficult to get hold of. You decide to consult CAIN, and re-enter Falcon's Wing. Turn to 27.

8
'Come on,' you shout and you both set off in pursuit of Yelov. He pulls away from you however, his bionic legs giving him an added advantage. Soldiers stare at you as you run past, thinking you are couriers with urgent messages. Soon you are past Benner's Hill, coming to orderly lines of Confederate men, tired but still alert. Lynx tells you this is Early's division, the Confederate troops nearest to Culp's Hill. You veer away from them, not wishing to draw any enquiries as to where you are going. You see Yelov crossing a small river or brook and disappearing into the woods around Culp's Hill, noticing that he is now in a blue uniform. You move forward towards the wood. Suddenly a line of blue jacketed infantrymen step into the open at the edge of the wood. There is a shouted command and a billowing cloud of smoke appears in front of them, they have unleashed a volley of musket fire at you. Desperately you throw yourself to the ground. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 19
If you score 2-5, turn to 30

9
You instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger Service computer to check for any news. CAIN chimes: 'Incoming holo-message Falcon.'

Agent Bloodhound's face seems to come alive inside Falcon's Wing. He nods a greeting at you: 'On line, Falcon. How's the mission going? A tough one this, eh? Anyway, I have an important message for you. We've picked up some strange disturbances only a quarter of an hour ago in the timelines of the timehole on Dustbowl. I've just returned from a routine check there. Something appeared and then left the Dustbowl timehole within a space of about one hour. It caused a disturbance in the Winds of Time that is completely unlike anything previously recorded and was of great power. Monitoring is sure it was not a Variac Drive emission. It could be Baal. Something else has come up too, Falcon. A new timehole has appeared in the Planet Cave, in 432 AD. As routine, an agent was sent to establish a monitoring device. They sent the new agent, Kingfisher, on this mission, thinking it was a good training run. Unfortunately, he never came back. The young novice has been killed. Also, the present-day Queen of Cave, has asked the TIME executive for help. It seems there have been some disturbances in their past. Someone or something is up to no good there Falcon. Anyway, that's all. I'll hope to see you soon in the Rec Centre. Good luck.'

'Thanks Blood,' you reply. You must continue your quest.
Where will you go to next:

The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD (even if you have been there once already)?
The new timehole on Cave, in 432 AD?
Turn to 287
Turn to 205

10
You set co-ordinates for Dustbowl 2764 AD and instruct CAIN to use the Variac Drive. Moments later your mind is searching through null-space for the psychic pattern that marks the timehole and soon you are guiding the navigational computers to Dustbowl. You rematerialise from the grey nothingness of null-space to a grey expanse of crates, machine tools and rows of indefinable apparatus. The cameras show a large warehouse, dark and gloomy, apparently empty. CAIN tells you that Falcon's Wing is disguised as a set of crates marked 'Eiger Corporation' and proceeds to give you an historical up-date: 'Dustbowl is a completely barren planet, devoid of life except for one spot in the planet's surface, an enormous crater, presumably caused by a huge asteroid. The crater, some 2000 miles in diameter, is able to retain an atmosphere and is filled with extremely fine dust, forming the Sea of Dust. Within the sea, various organic life forms are found. Initially Dustbowl was, not unnaturally, passed over for colonisation. However, in 2631 AD, there was a short internecine struggle within the colony of Ascension. A group of religious fanatics had attempted to overthrow the government. This group was exiled from Ascension, along with many others Ascension saw as undesirable. The exiles came to Dustbowl, the only place they could find, and have been here ever since. The original religion has all but died out by this time, apparently it involved some form of sacrifice. Dustbowl is now a thriving colony. Luckily the exiles found a native organism, the Dustwhale, a great source of income. Not only is its flesh consumed as a great delicacy on other worlds (especially Kelados), it was found that its oil was of vital importance in the manufacture of Anagathics, the life prolonging drugs so common in the Federation of 3033 AD, Falcon. The colony itself is noted for its repressive social laws and is thought by many to be "boring". We are currently in a warehouse in the only city on Dustbowl, called Refuge. The city is high up on the cliffs that surround the crater and is covered in an Environment Dome. People leave the Dome only to sail the Sea of Dust and hunt the whales.' You will have to go outside to set up and use the detector so you ask CAIN to activate the Molecular Convertor. CAIN instructs the Convertor to manufacture the clothes of a typical Dustbowl sailor, a dustwhaler. You emerge into the deserted warehouse clothed in thick, bulky, brown and white cloth, designed to keep out as much dust as possible. Soon you have the tripod in place. The strange luminescent gem begins to glow and you use your Psychic Awareness to explore its psionic emanations. Apparently, no part of the Rack is to be found within the city, but unfortunately Refuge's Environment Dome is preventing the detector from functioning outside the city. With a sigh of resignation you realise that you will have to go out of the city to make absolutely sure Baal has not been here. For this you will need more equipment, and you turn back to Falcon's Wing. The Mind Scanner goes green and you are drawn up into the cabin. Turn to 54.

11
You target a rocket on the creature and it surges up out of your back-rack, retros blazing. As the rocket orientates itself, the thing in the powersuit lifts its laser rifle and fires at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 406
If you score 2-6, turn to 371

12
You jump backwards, but a volley of small javelins fly from the wall to your left along the whole length of the slab. One of them slaps into your arm. Lose 5 Endurance points. Plucking the dart from your arm, you press on. Will you:

Step on to the slab directly in front of you, still close to the left wall?
Step on to the slab directly to your right, still on the front row?
Step diagonally to the right, onto the centremost slab of the nine?
Turn to 361
Turn to 340
Turn to 373

13
Taking the detector tripod, you leave Falcon's Wing, and set it up behind a white adobe house that is adorned with many bright flowers. As the white gem begins to glow brightly you explore its psionic emanations with your mind. You find it is registering the presence of a segment of the Rack. It is lying in one of the buildings near the Great Pyramid. Putting the tripod back in Falcon's Wing, you head towards the pyramid. As you near it the babble of many voices grows louder. Rounding a large stone building you are presented with an awesome sight. You are at the top of a flight of one of the many stone steps leading down to an enormous plaza, surrounding the Great Pyramid. The plaza is filled with thousands upon thousands, a teeming crowd of Aztecs. Most are dressed simply in feathered shirts or robes, others are dressed richly in brightly patterned robes and headdresses. The stairs that rise up the centre of the bricked pyramid are filled with hundreds of prisoners, almost naked, many covered in white down stuck to their bodies by their own blood. They are formed into a long column marching into the plaza itself. Aztec Eagle Knights, and Jaguar Knights, dressed in the skins of the jaguar from head to foot, are hemming them in. At the top of the pyramid are many black robed priests as well as what must be the Emperor Ahuitzotl, wearing the most incredible finery, with his retinue. The sight of what they are doing fills you with revulsion. Methodically the priests are laying the prisoners on a blood-encrusted stone slab, slashing open their chests with obsidian knives, ripping out their hearts and smearing them over the carved idols of their gods. From what your Translator can pick up, it is a sacrifice to the Sun God, Huitzilopochtli, the Lord of War. Horrified, you make your way through the crowd, towards the building housing the piece of the Rack. It is a low structure, with a large square entrance, hung with bright curtains. Two Jaguar Knights stand guard at either side. Not wishing to waste time in this place of death, you decide to Thinkstrike them in rapid succession. Turn to 311.

14
At the last moment the creature swerves aside as the bolt of superheated plasma crashes into the far wall of the warehouse, leaving a smoking crater. It swoops down at you. Desperately, you hurl yourself towards the crates disguising Falcon's Wing, rolling along the ground. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 32
If you score 2-5, turn to 45

15
Your target remains unaffected and they press home their charge. They are inexperienced at this type of work, no match for your finely trained skills in unarmed combat. However, there are three of them and, although you demolish them in thirty seconds flat with a series of devastating kicks and punches, one of them manages to gash your thigh badly, lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you hurry on towards the moored ship. Turn to 416.

16
Looking at the camera screen you can see that you are on the wharf of some kind of port. Crates and miscellaneous equipment are piled everywhere and the air is almost opaque. It seems to be filled with clouds of very fine dust. The 'sea', you notice with surprise, is in fact a vast expanse of a heaving reddish substance, apparently also of very fine dust. The sun is high in the sky, and is very white. The sky is a misty maroon, tinged with blue at its edges. Behind you and stretching away to either side, fading into the distance, vast rocky cliffs tower high up into the sky, further than you can see. Some way to the left you can make out a cluster of buildings. CAIN tells you that Falcon's Wing is disguised as a set of crates marked 'Eiger Corporation' and proceeds to give you an historical up-date: 'Dustbowl is a completely barren planet, devoid of life except for one spot in the planet's surface, an enormous crater, presumably caused by a huge asteroid. The crater, some 2000 miles in diameter, is able to retain an atmosphere and is filled with extremely fine dust, forming the Sea of Dust. Within the sea, various organic life forms are found. Initially Dustbowl was, not unnaturally, passed over for colonisation. However, in 2631 AD, there was a short internecine struggle within the colony of Ascension. A group of religious fanatics had attempted to overthrow the government. This group was exiled from Ascension, along with many others Ascension saw as un- desirable. The exiles came to Dustbowl, the only place they could find, and have been here ever since. The original religion has all but died out by this time, apparently it involved some form of sacrifice. Dustbowl is now a thriving colony. Luckily the exiles found a native organism, the Dustwhale, a great source of income. Not only is its flesh consumed as a great delicacy on other worlds (especially Kelados), it was found that its oil was of vital importance in the manufacture of Anagathics, the life prolonging drugs so common in the Federation of 3033 AD, Falcon. The colony itself is noted for its repressive social laws and is thought by many to be "boring". The only city on Dustbowl, called Refuge, is high up on the cliffs that surround the crater and is covered in an Environment Dome. People leave the Dome only to sail the Sea of Dust and hunt the whales.'You will have to go outside to set up and use the detector so you ask CAIN to activate the Molecular Convertor. CAIN instructs the Convertor to manufacture the clothes of a typical Dustbowl sailor, a dustwhaler. You step out clothed in thick, bulky, brown and white cloth, designed to keep out as much dust as possible. You also have a filter mask, enabling you to breathe in the dustfilled atmosphere here. Soon you have the tripod in place. The strange luminescent gem begins to glow and you use your Psychic Awareness to explore its psionic emanations. You sense that it is registering the presence of a piece of the Rack! Your excitement fades though as you realise that it is lying out at sea, deep in the depths of the crater, buried under tons and tons of dust. It will prove difficult to get hold of. You decide to consult CAIN, and re-enter Falcon's Wing. Turn to 27.

17
You disappear into the hologram as the bolt of energy explodes behind you, leaving a deep crater in the road. You are drawn up into Falcon's Wing and jump into your crash-couch, setting coordinates for the Eiger Vault as quickly as you can. The cameras show Baal hesitating at your disappearance, but the screens are filled with yellow flame as he blasts Falcon's Wing. The Time Machine shudders as Baal slams into it, howling malevolently, and it crashes onto its side. Your console displays a stream of damage reports, lights flashing and alarms screaming. You shout at CAIN to engage the Variac Drive, hoping it is not damaged, as, to your horror, Baal picks up Falcon's Wing as if it were made of wood and prepares to dash it to the ground. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 2, 3 or 4, turn to 50
If you score 5 or 6, turn to 63

18
You step out into the tavern, Rack detector in hand. Some Burrowers turn to you but then continue their excavation - too stupid to react to your presence. You set up the ancient tripod and it glows brightly, which disturbs the Burrowers. Your Psychic Awareness tells you it has located a section of the Rack. Quickly you replace the tripod in Falcon's Wing and hurry down the tunnel leading out of the cavern in search of the Rack Segment. Turn to 29.

19
Almost simultaneously, you both drop to your feet in the long grass. 'All right, Falcon?' whispers Lynx. 'Okay/ you reply. 'You?' 'Unhurt,' she answers. Looking up over the edge of the long grass, you see the blue-coats stepping back into the woods. The Union have finally occupied Culp's Hill. Suddenly, a section of the woods on the left side of Culp's Hill winks out, Yelov has escaped in his Time Machine. Lynx drops her head in disappointment. 'I'll have to find him again. Thanks anyway, Falcon, let's head back to our Machines.' Slowly, you crawl through the grass until you are behind the Confederate lines. 'Well, good luck, Falcon, I hope to see you soon. Bet you I get Yelov before you get Baal!' Smiling, you climb Benner's Hill and soon you are approaching the clump of trees disguising Falcon's Wing. Turn to 333.

20
CAIN chimes: There is an incoming report from the Monitoring System, Falcon. A new timehole has appeared in the Planet Cave, in 432 AD. As routine, an agent was sent to establish a monitoring device. They sent the new agent, Kingfisher, on this mission, thinking it was a good training run. Unfortunately, he never came back. The young novice has been killed. Also, the present-day Queen of Cave has asked the TIME executive for help. It seems there have been some disturbances in their past.' Will you:

Go to the planet Cave?
Visit Dustbowl, where Bloodhound reported the timehole disturbances, if you have not been there already? (However, you may go there if you have been there before you received the information from Bloodhound)
Turn to 205
Turn to 287

21
You move round behind the cave and climb up the ridge. Soon you are standing above the cave when suddenly your battlesuit takes a bolt of laser fire. Subtract one from your armour points, but you are unhurt. You look up to the opposite ridge as you drop to the ice. Achov, or rather the creature, is on top of the ridge, a laser rifle in his hands. It set a trap for you and you fell for it. The face inside the powersuit is not Achov's, it is something else, something you are glad not to be able to make out. You are taken by surprise and it opens fire again, a lance of ruby light spanning the gap between the ridges in nano-second. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 47
If you score 2-5, turn to 31

22
You set co-ordinates for South America, Earth, in 1487 AD and soon Falcon's Wing is sailing on the Winds of Time towards its destination. You may lie in your Autodoc during this journey and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance. The cameras show that you have materialised in bright sunshine. You hold your breath in astonishment as the cameras revolve. You are in a great city in the middle of a lake. The shores of the lake are studded with townships, each with a core of brightly painted stone houses, surrounded by smaller white adobe houses. Each township has a tiered, brilliantly painted pyramid rising from it. The city itself is perfectly square, with three causeways leading to the mainland. It seems to have been constructed with great precision. Much of the city is criss-crossed with canals, upon which are moored many canoes. The houses are mostly of adobe, with some of stone, presumably for the rich and powerful, and all are single storey buildings with no windows. You can see the flat roof tops have low tables on them, pottery and the like. But your attention is drawn to the centre of the city. You can see a huge pyramid reaching up over the city. Other large buildings surround it, covered in carved friezes, in a strange, stiff style. The pyramid has a wide flight of steps climbing up its front. You can see figures moving all over it but, strangely, the immediate vicinity seems deserted as do the townships. However, the external microphones are picking up the noise of a huge crowd coming from the main pyramid. Turn to 6.

23
You explain what has happened to CAIN and it replies: 'Obviously Baal has visited Dustbowl at some point in time since his escape and won over a group of the superstitious Refugers to his cause. However it seems no part of the Rack has been left here, Falcon, so I would strongly advise you to continue the search elsewhere.' Where will you continue your search:

Rigel Prime, in 1642 AD, if you have not been there already?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
North America, Earth, 1863 AD, the time of the American Civil War, if you have not been there already?
Return to the Eiger Vault, perhaps there will be more information from the Monitoring Section?
Turn to 46
Turn to 22
Turn to 34
Turn to 56

24
The bolt passes too close to your back as you duck, and it burns through your suit and into your flesh, before striking the wall with a crash. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you scream in pain, which draws malicious laughter from Baal. Turn to 35.

25
You seize control of his mind and force him to turn and attack the man behind him. This catches him completely by surprise and the man under your control drives his knife into the other's abdomen, who sinks to the ground, retching. The third man stops, astonished. You hurry on, forcing the man under your control to attack the third ambusher until you are well away. Turn to 416.

26
Have you spoken to Agent Bloodhound on this mission?

If you have,
If you have not,
Turn to 37
Turn to 58

27
You tell CAIN where the section of the Rack lies, and ask it how it could be reached. 'The Sea of Dust is very deep, Falcon, even in our own time its depths haven't been fully plumbed. However, Falcon's Wing could withstand the pressure and you would need a modified battlesuit to move about on the seabed. For that you will have to return to the Eiger Vault and ask Section Chief Jobanque to issue you with one,' You set co-ordinates for the Eiger Vault, 3034 AD and instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive. Turn to 39.

28
You hurl yourself flat on the floor as a volley of small javelins fly from the wall to your right and whistle overhead to clatter against the far wall. Heaving a sigh of relief, you get to your feet. Will you:

Step on to the slab directly in front of you, still close to the right wall?
Step on to the slab directly to your left, still on the front row?
Step diagonally to the left, onto the centremost slab of the nine?
Turn to 383
Turn to 340
Turn to 373

29
As you walk onward, in the soft glow of the phosphorescent fungus, the unmistakable sound of battle echoes down the tunnel. Cautiously edging along the side of the corridor you come to a T-junction. Poking your head out you look to the left. A group of yellow and black furred Burrowers are waiting placidly, a mass of mud and rock at their feet. Turning your head to the right, you are greeted by the cause of the sound. The tunnel is filled with two lines of what must be Warriors, some yellow and black, the others with dull red fur, engaged in a vicious death struggle. The Warriors are frightening to look at. They have two arms ending in what can only be described as serrated sword blades, presumably of bone or hardened cartilage. Viciously sharp horns protrude from their domed heads, their elbows and knees. Their feet resemble the claws of a bird, except that they are of sharp cartilage, all talons. Their heads are much the same as the Burrowers, except for the massive fangs. What is most frightening is their speed and ferocity and the feral savagery with which they are ripping each other into shreds. Incredibly swift and powerful, they are creatures bred for one thing only - killing. Behind each rank of Warriors there are two or three Nobles, giving orders. They are human in shape, except for their heads. These are much the same as the Burrowers, except for a membrane covering a circular cavity above the mouth. They communicate by
vibrating this membrane to produce sound. Turn to 44.

30
A musket ball thuds into your shoulder, the impact stops you dead in your tracks and you are thrown into the long grass. *Lose 74 Endurance points.* If you are still alive Lynx, unhurt, comes to your side, crawling through the long grass. Quickly she applies a field dressing and a local anaesthetic. The Autodoc will deal with the rest, Falcon,' she says. Looking up over the edge of the long grass, you see the blue-coats stepping back into the woods. The Union have finally occupied Culp's Hill. Suddenly, a section of the woods on the left side of Culp's Hill winks out. Yelov has escaped in his Time Machine. Lynx drops her head in disappointment. 'I'll have to find him again. Thanks anyway, Falcon, let's head back to our Machines.' Slowly, you crawl through the grass until you are behind the Confederate lines. 'Well good luck, Falcon, I hope to see you soon. Bet you I get Yelov before you get Baal!' Smiling, you climb Benner's Hill and soon you are approaching the clump of trees disguising Falcon's Wing. Turn to 333.

31
You try to avoid the attack, but it hits you squarely on the shoulder sending up a shower of sparks. Subtract 3 from your Battlesuit armour points, but it has protected you from any damage this time. Will you:

Launch a rocket at the thing in Achov's powersuit?
Fire your Particle Disruptor?
Turn to 11
Turn to 292

32
You can feel the rush of beaten air from the wings of the flybeast as its mandibles clash together inches from you. It pulls up to avoid what it thinks are crates, but what is in fact the hologram disguise. You roll onward and disappear into them and are drawn up into Falcon's Wing. The creature seems to guess what has happened for a second or two later, it crashes into Falcon's Wing, causing it to shudder ominously. However, CAIN assures you that Falcon's Wing is easily able to withstand the batterings of a mere twelve-foot fly. Muttering darkly about personality programmed computers, you settle into your crashcouch. Turn to 23.

33
He seems unaffected and they are almost upon you. You have no time to do anything "but Thinkstrike. Turn to 376.

34
You set the co-ordinates for North America, Earth 1863 AD, and instruct CAIN to engage the Variac Drive. Moments later your mind is searching through null-space for the psychic pattern that marks the North American timehole. You may lie in your Autodoc and restore up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the journey. You rematerialise on a wooded hill, with good all-round visibility, but your vision is partially obscured by clouds of gunsmoke. To the south is a small town wreathed in smoke. Dense forest lies to the east, another wooded hill rising from it. To the west, you can see a column of men, armed with primitive muskets and dressed virtually in rags, mostly a butternut brown in colour. A few, mainly officers, are wearing grey uniforms. They are marching towards you across a road. The air is filled with the sound of volleys of musket-fire, the boom of cannon and the sound of many men at war. Suddenly a column of men dressed in blue uniforms, stream past your hill, near the town, in what can only be described as an orderly rout. It appears you have arrived in the middle of a battle. You ask CAIN for information. This is the field of Gettysburg, a decisive battle in the American Civil War fought on the eastern edge of North America, Falcon. It was fought over three days, and we have arrived in the late afternoon of the first day. The Civil War was between the Union and the Confederacy, over reasons too detailed to go into here, unless you'd like me to?'

'No, no, CAIN, that's all right,' you interrupt hastily.

'Well, the Confederacy, the men in grey, had the better of the first day, but ultimately they were defeated, despite their brilliant commander. General Robert E. Lee. You have materialised on Benner's Hill. The hill to the south is Culp's Hill and beyond that Cemetery Ridge. The town is, of course, Gettysburg. It would be best to disguise you as a Confederate soldier for the moment. However, the jacket will be reversible, so that the outside is grey, the inside blue, if you should need to change sides in a hurry.' Donning the disguise the Molecular Converter has given you (your helmet is now a peaked grey cap), you take the detector tripod and leave Falcon's Wing. Turn to 314.

35
As you get to your feet, you can see that the Darkhome Noble rebels have made a decision, and a stream of Warriors are charging towards Baal. He towers above them, three times their height, destroying them in droves with blasts of yellow energy and great blows of his boulder-like fists. But the Warriors have no fear of death and they attack heedlessly. They seem to be unable to hurt him seriously, but you have time to act whilst he is distracted. You come to the steel door, but there does not seem to be any way of opening it. Will you;

Try to blow the door open with your blaster?
Try to burn a hole through the rock next to the door with your blaster?
Put some magnesite (if you have arty) at the base of the door and blast it? Maybe the intense heat generated for a few seconds will burn a hole through the door?
Try your microbeam key (if you have one)?
Turn to 49
Turn to 57
Turn to 88
Turn to 96

36
As you gather yourself to leap, the energy bolt explodes at your feet, blasting you into the air and hurling you into a nearby building with bone-crunching impact, and you sink into unconsciousness. You never wake up. You have failed.

37
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME maintenance team are replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger Service computer to check for any news. CAIN reports that nothing new has occurred during your visit to Gettysburg. You will have to continue your search. Which timehole will you travel to:

Rigel Prime in 1642 AD, if you have not been there already?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD, where Bloodhound discovered the timeline disturbance (even if you have been to the Dustbowl once already)?
Turn to 46
Turn to 22
Turn to 287

38
If you already have a segment of the Rack, you must decide whether or not to take it with you. Taking the detector tripod, you leave Falcon's Wing, and set it up behind a white adobe house that is adorned with many bright flowers. As the white gem begins to glow brightly you explore its psionic emanations with your mind. You find it is registering the presence of a segment of the Rack. It is lying in one of the buildings near the Great Pyramid. Putting the tripod back in Falcon's Wing, you head towards the pyramid. As you near it, the babble of many voices grows louder. Rounding a large stone building you are presented with an awesome sight. You are at the top of a flight of one of the many stone steps leading down to an enormous plaza, surrounding the Great Pyramid. The plaza is filled with thousands upon thousands, a teeming crowd of Aztecs. Most are dressed simply in feathered shirts or robes, others are dressed richly in brightly patterned robes and head-dresses. The stairs that rise up the centre of the bricked pyramid are filled with hundreds of prisoners, almost naked, many covered in white down, stuck to their bodies by their own blood. They are formed into a long column marching into the plaza itself. Aztec Eagle Knights, and Jaguar Knights, dressed in the skins of the jaguar from head to foot, are hemming them in. At the top of the pyramid are many black robed priests as well as what must be the Emperor Ahuitzotl, wearing the most incredible finery, with his retinue. The sight of what they are doing fills you with revulsion. Methodically the priests are laying the prisoners on a blood-encrusted stone slab, slashing open their chests with obsidian knives, ripping out their hearts and smearing them over the carved idols of their gods. From what your Translator can pick up, it is a sacrifice to the Sun God, Huitzilopochtli, the Lord of War. Then your Psychic Awareness picks up a strange psychic disturbance you have never experienced before, something akin to the psychic patterns of null-space. Turn to 125.

39
Soon you are back in your bay at the Eiger Vault. You put a call through to Jobanque on the holophone, Priority One. He answers immediately: 'Falcon, what news?' You tell him what has happened and what the situation is on Dustbowl. 'Right, I'll authorise the battlesuit,' he says, 'and I'll talk to you soon.' With that he breaks contact. You wait while your polybdenum supply is replenished. Soon Jobanque holophones through. 'Okay, Falcon, Skirrow and I have come up with something. Falcon's Wing will be painted in company colours and made to look like a scientific research diving bell. You can pretend to be a scientist from Earth, sponsored by a fictitious Earth company, say the Eiger Coporation, sent to Dustbowl to research the breeding habits of the Dustwhale. We'll give you forged credentials and money, of course - in this case Dustbowl placs. The battlesuit has been modified for high pressure. You won't be able to see anything down there, but you'll have your microbeam radar, and we've fitted a high resolution graphic delineator. This will analyse the radar reading and render it as a visual graphic on your battlesuit face plate. It'll be just like seeing normally almost. Anything you see won't actually be there, the graphic delineator will just show you what something the radar has picked up looks like. You'll have to use the radar to determine the position of anything. We'll give you some high-tensile wire to lower Falcon's Wing and the like, to make your scientific expedition look convincing. You'll have to go back to Dustbowl and hire a whaling ship and get it to take you out to where the Rack section lies - this kind of expedition was reasonably common in those times. I know this is breaking the First Law of TIME, but under the circumstances, we have no choice. One final thing - Dustbowl in 2764 had a high level of legislation. They were particularly strict on citizens carrying fire arms, especially energy weapons, so be careful with your blaster. That's all. Good luck, Falcon!' Moments later, the battlesuit is delivered to you, along with a selection of equipment, steel lances, rotary drums, a mini-lab and the battlesuit. Maintenance technicians are working frantically on the hull of Falcon's Wing. Painting it in green and gold and adding bits of impressive, but useless, equipment to its hulk. An hour or so later, everything is ready and you fade into null-space, bound for Dustbowl once more. Turn to 48.

40
You emerge from Providence Airlock and walk into the city of Refuge. Catching a hovbus you head back to the warehouse. A quarter of an hour later, you step off the hovbus near the warehouse. As your foot hits the ground, four black-robed figures, waiting at the entrance to the warehouse, charge at you without hesitation and in silence, drawing long, wickedly curved daggers. You barely have time to act. Instinctively, you hurl yourself, rolling, at their feet, hoping to trip them and run on, to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 123
If you score 2-4, turn to 112

41
You move towards the officer and he puts you in the front line, giving you a musket and staring at you suspiciously. Then a man in a smart grey uniform with yellow piping rides up, accompanied by several aides. He seems to be giving orders to the officer. One of the men says: That's Jubal Early, our divisional commander, I betcha we're going in to the attack.' 

Then a bugle sounds and the officer shouts, 'Over the wall, men, and at 'em!' A loud cheer goes up, accompanied by a strange whooping and soon you are charging over the wall and into the open. 200 yards ahead is a small river, Union troops are pulling back across it. In front of them are a line of logs, carts and the like, behind which a row of Union troops are waiting. The small river disappears in the heavy wood that blankets Culp's Hill. It is quite exhilarating as you sprint onwards, the men all around you cheering wildly. Then there is a loud crackling sound all along the Union line, as they unleash a volley of musket fire. Men to the left and right of you drop like sacks of coal, but you are pushed on from behind. A little later they open fire again. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 4-6, turn to 116
If you score 1-3, turn to 126

42
You jump backwards, but a volley of small javelins fly from the wall to your right along the whole length of the slab. One of them slaps into your arm. Lose 5 Endurance points. Plucking the dart from your arm, you press on. Will you:

Step on to the slab directly in front of you, still close to the right wall?
Step on to the slab directly to your left, still on the front row?
Step diagonally to the left, onto the centremost slab of the nine?
Turn to 383
Turn to 340
Turn to 373

43
That night, you are woken in the low bunk of your cabin by a slight sound. Opening your eyes you look up to see a figure, eyes wild and staring, a long dagger held in both hands over his head, poised to strike at you. This death is for Baal,' he whispers. It seems the priesthood of Baal have followers everywhere, will they never give up? Will you:

Use your Power of Will on the assassin?
Reach for your "blaster under the pillow?
Roll off the bed into his thighs, knocking him to the floor?
Turn to 62
Turn to 53
Turn to 73

44
As you watch, the red-furred Nobles begin to fire at the yellow Warriors with small laser pistols, cutting them down in great numbers. This amazes you, as this technology should not be available at this time. One of the yellow-furred Nobles trills at the other and your Translator renders it as: The rebels are breaking through, we must fall back and use the Burrowers, our farms must be protected.' The Nobles run past you to the pack of the Burrowers, trilling orders. The Burrowers begin to work at a rapid pace, sealing off the corridor, whilst the Warriors battle on, mindlessly, until the last falls.

The red-furred Nobles confer amongst themselves. It seems they are going back to fetch Burrowers of their own to force the corridor. Then one of them says, 'We will send the Warriors to secure the outer cavern. May the Baal-Mother triumph.' Your eyes widen in surprise - could Baal be here? Then five Warriors begin to move towards you whilst the rest move back down the corridor. The outer cavern must be the one where Falcon's Wing lies. There is no way of avoiding these five Warriors, you will have to fight them. They turn the corner, jogging in unison. Will you:

Thinkstrike them in quick succession?
Use your Power of Will on two of them?
Use your blaster?
Turn to 64
Turn to 85
Turn to 74

45
You are not quite fast enough. You can feel the rush of beaten air from the wings of the fly beast and then a sharp pain as its mandibles clash together, taking a chunk out of your shoulder. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the fly pulls up to avoid what it thinks are crates, but are in fact the hologram disguise. You roll onward and disappear into them and are drawn up into Falcon's Wing. The creature seems to guess what has happened for, a second or two later, it crashes into Falcon's Wing, causing it to shudder ominously. However, CAIN assures you that Falcon's Wing is easily able to withstand the batterings of a mere twelve-foot fly. Muttering darkly about personality programmed computers, you settle into your crash-couch. Turn to 23.

46
You set the co-ordinates for Rigel Prime, 1642 AD and instruct CAIN to use the Variac Drive. Moments later your mind is searching through null-space for the psychic pattern that marks the timehole and soon you are guiding the navigational computers to Rigel Prime. You rematerialise safely and your cameras reveal a strange wooded glade. The sky is a deep yellow colour. The ground is covered in a close knit layer of spongy turquoise grass. There are trees, odd mounds, some two or three feet high, with thick trunks, sprouting heavy branches laden with fat blue leaves. You are in a depression in the ground. The rim of the glade is covered with trees, so that you cannot see beyond it. You ask CAIN for an historical update. It chimes: 'Lord Silvermane of TIME is of course a Rigellian. But Rigel Prime in 1642 AD was a much less civilised place. Technology is low. Politically, the planet is divided into groups of family clans, corresponding to the nations of ancient Earth. The hierarchy of society is almost completely based on a warrior code of physical prowess. Those victorious in combat, male or female, will be the rulers. It is a very violent society. However, sensibly, mass wars are never fought. The concept of the honourable duel is very important to the 17th century Rigellian. Differences between clans are settled in the arena, usually an expanse of land containing many types of terrain in which specially selected teams duel to the death. The atmosphere of Rigel Prime is sufficiently Earth-like for you to breathe, however its gravity is twice that of Earth. I doubt you will be able to withstand the discomfort for long, Falcon. I have disguised Falcon's Wing as a clump of indigenous vegetation.'

'What about a disguise for me, CAIN?' you ask.

'Well, Falcon, due to the enormous size of the Rigellians you will have to masquerade as a child. As you know, Rigellians are blue in colour, but you could pass yourself as an apprentice apothecary or Rigellian medic. They were known to wear masks and to be fully clothed.' Soon you are dressed in bright scarlet and green with a full face helmet upon your head, concealing your features. A long dagger is strapped to your right thigh and a broad, slashing blade hangs at your belt. It seems even Rigellian medics expect to fight. Taking up the tripod detector, you leave Falcon's Wing. Turn to 67.

47
The laser beam vaporises the gassy atmosphere of Chill above your head, missing you. Will you:

Launch a rocket at the thing in Achov's powersuit?
Fire your Particle Disruptor?
Turn to 11
Turn to 292

48
You spend the time journeying through null-space by taking a much needed rest. When you arrive, you instruct CAIN to create a hologram - this time Falcon's Wing is simply a diving bell amidst the rest of the harbourside equipment. You leave your Time Machine in search of a ship for hire dressed in Earth clothes of the period - tight high-waisted trousers and loose sleeveless jacket, with many pockets and a communications/ recording helmet, in the fictitious green and gold colours of the 'Eiger Corporation', a Dustbowl filter mask at your mouth and nose. You head for the cluster of buildings to your left. As you approach, you can see a harbour registry office and a Recreation Centre. Moored at the quayside is a whaling ship, all silvered steel from bow to stern. Dustwhalers never paint their ships as the paint is eaten away by the abrasive dust. The ship is long and sleek with three masts, its super resistant sails furled, looking like a 19th Century Earth schooner. A name is etched into its side, 'The Winged Demon', and it flies a black flag, fluttering in the dust-laden wind. Will you:

Board the ship to talk to its captain?
Enter the Recreation Centre in search of information there?
Turn to 60
Turn to 69

49
You bathe the door in superheated plasma, but when you examine it afterwards it is not even scratched or warm. Glancing behind, you see Baal is still involved with the Cavers. Return to 35 and choose again. Turn to 35.

50
Falcon's Wing is hurled through the air but winks out inches from the ground. Safe in the grey nothingness of null-space, you heave a sigh of relief, calming your shattered nerves. Soon you are floating on the Winds of Time headed for the Eiger Vault. You ask CAIN what has happened in the timelines, knowing that the first law of TIME has been broken on Tenochtitlan to an unprecedented degree. It replies that the society was almost completely wiped out by the Spaniards in a few more decades, thus cancelling any serious time damage. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance on this journey. Have you been given any information about the Planet Cave? If you have, turn to 86. If you have not, turn to 76.

51
The disciple of Baalmakes no move, obviously he doesn't know you have recognised him. Some hours later Falcon's Wing is stowed in the hold and the ship sets sail, scudding across the dust. The second day out, you are gazing out across the heaving red sea when you look behind you to see a ring of twenty or more sailors hemming you in, their faces staring mercilessly. The captain steps forward and says: 'You chose the wrong ship, Offworlder. We are all of the old religion, our Lord is he who you would wish to imprison, Baal, Lord of the Flies. He sent word to us of your coming and now we will exact retribution.' He signals to his men and soon you are overpowered. There is nothing you can do against so many. You are tied up to a block of wood and your heart is cut out and offered up to Baal as a sacrifice. You have failed.

52
If the timehole on Rigel Prime was the first you have visited on this mission,
If you have been to any other timeholes,
Turn to 263
Turn to 295

53
Your hand snakes under the pillow in a desperate attempt to get the blaster before the knife is buried in your body. As you reach for it, you notice two more men behind the first. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 95
If you score 2-5, turn to 84

54
You tell CAIN you must go outside the Dome and it replies that there are large air-locks leading to lifts that go down the cliffface, over a mile, to the whaling port below on the Sea of Dust. Tourists and ordinary citizens often go to view the Sea of Dust. 'However, you will need a pass and some local money, Falcon, I will run these up for you in the Convertor. You will need to hire a filter mask, essential for respiration in the dust-laden atmosphere of Dustbowl.' As the Convertor goes to work the cameras reveal a figure in the entry bay of the warehouse. He is dressed in long black robes over brown leggings, and is looking furtively about, as if searching for something. He holds some kind of instrument in his hand which he examines carefully. Then he begins to move directly towards Falcon's Wing. CAIN chimes: 'My instruments tell me that Falcon's Wing is the subject of a Time Monitor. Somebody has learnt that you are here. That kind of technology was not available at this time, Falcon.' As you watch, the man stops before Falcon's Wing and looks up, as if he was looking straight at you, and he turns to run out of the warehouse. Will you:

Head for the lifts and outside the Dome?
Follow the man in black robes?
Turn to 68
Turn to 80

55
Ignoring the officer, you dash away from his men over the stone wall. There is a shout of anger but nobody pursues you. You run out into an open field to be greeted by an unexpected sight. 200 yards ahead is a small river, Union troops are pulling back across it. In front of them are a line of logs, carts and the like, behind which a row of Union troops are waiting. The small river disappears in the heavy wood that blankets Culp's Hill. Seeing you, some of the blue-coated soldiers open fire, and puffs of white smoke appear in front of them. As fast as you can, you try to throw yourself to the ground. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 77
If you score 2-5, turn to 66

56
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME maintenance team is replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger Service computer to check for any news. CAIN reports that nothing new has occurred during your visit to Dustbowl. You will have to continue your search. Which timehole will you travel to:

Rigel Prime, in 1642 AD if you have not been there already?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
North America, Earth, 1863 AD, the time of the American Civil War, if you have not been there already?
Turn to 46
Turn to 22
Turn to 34

57
You step away from the door and then begin to pour a sustained stream of plasma into the rock. The cavern wall crashes and splinters under the assault, some of the rock actually melting under the heat. Soon you have burnt a hole through it and you can see into a small chamber beyond. But there is a triumphant howl behind you and, turning your head, you can see that Baal has completely destroyed the Warriors. He turns his attentions to you. Immediately you hurl yourself through the opening as a great river of burning energy rushes from Baal's outstretched hands, his face contorted with effort. Make an Evasion Roll. If you score 6-12, turn to 104
If you score 2-5, turn to 113

58
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME maintenance team is replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger Service computer to check for any news. CAIN chimes: 'Incoming holomessage Falcon.'

Agent Bloodhound's face seems to come alive inside Falcon's Wing. He nods a greeting at you. 'On line, Falcon. How's the mission going? A tough one this, eh? Anyway, I have an important mesage for you. We've picked up some strange disturbances in the timelines of the timehole on Dustbowl. I've just returned from a routine check there. Something appeared and then left the Dustbowl timehole within a space of about one hour. It caused a disturbance in the Winds of Time that is completely unlike anything previously recorded and was of great power. Monitoring is sure it was not a Variac Drive emission. It could be Baal. That's all for now, Falcon. Good luck, I hope to see you soon in the Rec Centre.'

'Thanks Blood,' you reply. You must continue your search. Where will you go to next:

The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD (even if you have been there once already)?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
Rigel Prime in 1642 AD Civil War, if you have not been there already?
Turn to 287
Turn to 22
Turn to 34

59
[Score a G]
You move around to the other ridge and climb up it. As you reach the top, you can see Achov lying in the very place you were intending to be. The whole thing was a trap! It was hoping you'd go to the cave where it could pick you off from here. Somehow it senses you and rolls over, a laser rifle in its hand. The face inside the powersuit is not Achov's any more, it is something else, something you are glad not to be able to make out properly. You have the initiative. Will you:

Launch a rocket at the thing in Achov's Power
armour?
Turn to 11
Fire your Particle Disruptor?
Turn to 292

60
You walk up the gang plank and onto the main deck of the 'Winged Demon'. A sailor is polishing a huge gun on a swivel mount. It is a rocket powered harpoon gun. His filter mask is painted to resemble an insect's head, and he stares at you dully. You ask for the captain. He stands motionless for a moment and then points down some stairs to a cabin door at the stern of the ship. You go down the steps and knock on the door. 'Enter,'says a gruff voice, and you open the door. It leads into a small cabin lined with charts of the Sea of Dust, with a bunk and a desk. Behind it sits a bearded man in black robes, wearing a yellow headband, presumably denoting his rank, and still wearing a black filter mask. Next to him stands a grizzled old sailor in traditional heavy whaling clothes, also bearded, a long whaler's knife at his side. 'Yes?' says the man behind the desk, eyeing you up and down quizzically. You introduce yourself as Professor Falcon, a scientist sent here by the Eiger Corporation on Earth. You ask if you can hire him and his ship and tell him of your planned expedition. He nods, interested, but when you tell him the co-ordinates you wish to go to he starts and stares at you. Then he says abruptly, 'What do you want to go there for?' his voice muffled by his mask. You tell him about your research into whales and that the area is a prime whale breeding ground. He looks at you and then says, 'Ah, I see,' and nods. 'It'll cost you ten thousand placs, all in. I'm Captain Nathan. Welcome aboard.' There is a knock on the door and a sailor enters. Have you been to Dustbowl once before on this mission?

If you have,
If you have not,
Turn to 70.
Turn to 79.

61
You throw yourself into the air and somersault through the doorway, as the slab of masonry shatters into a thousand shards close behind you. Turn to 299.

62
You try and impose your will on your assailant. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 115
If you score 2-5, turn to 127

63
CAIN chimes, its voice disturbingly calm: The Variac Drive is dysfunctional, Falcon, it has taken too much damage.' Then Falcon's Wing crashes to the ground with awful force. You hang upside down by the straps of your couch, stunned. You can do nothing as Baal tears your Time Machine, and then yourself apart. You have failed.

64
You hurl a blast of mental energy at one of them, but it has no effect it seems they have almost no minds at all. Seeing you, the first acts with blinding speed, lashing out a taloned foot to rip open your thigh, before you can react. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are still alive, as the plasnet of your suit seals, you leap backwards out of range. Will you:

Use your blaster?
Use your Power of Will to control two of them?
Turn to 74
Turn to 85

65
The plasma hurtles towards him but Baal, anticipating it, twists aside in the air and dives towards you. The people nearby flee in terror, some screaming that the gods are doing battle in the streets of Tenochtitlan. Desperately, you run on. Turn to 372.

66
A musket ball thuds into your chest near the right shoulder. The impact, like a physical blow, throws you backwards to the ground. Lose 14 Endurance points. If you are still alive, will you:

Lie where you are in the long grass and await developments?
Reverse your jacket so that the blue is on the outside, move away from your present point and then run towards the Union lines?
Turn to 89
Turn to 103

67
As you leave the artificial gravity of Falcon's Wing you are instantly struck by the heavy weight of twice the gravity you are used to. It is as if your limbs were made of lead and your breathing is heavy and laboured as you stagger into the cover of some nearby trees, half way up the side of the glade. As if in slow motion you set up the detector tripod. The dull whitish gem begins to radiate a translucent light and you use your Psychic Awareness to explore the psionic emanations of the detector. Within moments you realise that there are no traces of the Rack here on Rigel. As you are packing the detector up, a sound alerts you. Turning, you see a large humanoid figure, seven or eight feet tall, entering the glade. The figure is a Rigellian, obviously dressed for war. He looks much like Lord Silvermane save that his long, shoulder-length hair is jet black. He has blue skin, covered in strange designs painted on in yellow and white. His body is heavily muscled, the legs and arms are like tree trunks, the torso a barrel. In one three-fingered hand he holds an enormous club, a long spiked bar ending in a cluster of sharpened blades. His other arm is armoured from shoulder to hand with spiked steel, ending in a vicious dagger-like blade coming from the top of the wrist. From a wide belt hang several wickedly pointed throwing weapons. The eyes, all white, glare balefully around the glade. You sink slowly into the cover of the trees, hoping not to be spotted. Unfortunately, the Rigellian is now between you and Falcon's Wing. Then there is a sound to your left and another enormous figure, less stocky than the other, but with a hint of tigerish grace, enters the glade. His hair is bluey-green, in one hand he holds what would be to a human a halberd, which serves as a one bladed axe to the Rigellian. In his other hand is one long blade, a hand grip in its middle. His abdomen is covered in linked plates of mail with a spike at the front. Turn to 78.

68
Quickly, you leave the warehouse, detector tripod in hand, Blaster hidden in the folds of your clothes. You are on a paved street, lined with dark and brooding buildings, all industrial in some way. It is night on Dustbowl. Looking through the transparent Dome of Refuge you see the night sky, scattered with unfamiliar constellations and strange stars. The street seems deserted except for some large automated hovcars that stop at certain points, marked with posts fortunately labelled in Fedspeak. You examine the nearest post. It says 'Refuge Transport Hovbus'. A few moments later a large hovcar hums to a stop beside you and its doors slide open. The computer driver grates, in slightly archaic Fedspeak: 'What is your destination?' You reply that you would like to be taken to see the whaling port and it says 'Providence Airlock, Sir. That will be 130 credits. Please insert your card.'Hoping that CAIN has done its work properly, you pass your credit card through the data processor and sit in the hovbus. The only other passengers are three drunken whalers and a.few other Dustbowlers, dressed in robes of varying dark shades. Soon you are at the Providence Airlock where you hire a filter mask to cover your nose and mouth before stepping into the airlock that leads to the lift, after paying a small toll. Turn to 90.

69
You walk to the door of the Recreation building and it slides open. Stepping in you find yourself in a small airlock, presumably to minimise the amount of dust getting into the main building. You enter a large room with a bar at one end. The air is free of dust and you remove your filter mask. There are a few people, sailors mostly, eating and drinking in groups at various tables. They look up as you enter and you can hear one or two muttering 'Offworlders'. You walk to the bar intent on asking the barman's advice on finding a whaling ship, when your attention is drawn to a small man, obviously drunk, telling a story to a group of attentive listeners. 'Yup, I served on the Winged Demon on its last voyage and ...'

'What did you want to take up with the likes of them for?' interrupts one of the men at his table.

'I needed a few placs, right. Be quiet and listen up. They needed a few extra whalers for this trip, so me and a few others signed up We sailed out for a day or two but, get this, although several whales were sighted, we didn't do no whaling at all! Then one night, I was woke by a noise on deck. I went up and guess what I saw... ? Well, most of the regular crew was dressed in black robes and they were chanting some weird song. And then, strike me dead if I'm lying, a huge figure, more'n twenty foot tall, bursts up outta the sea. In the ship's lights 1 could see he was as red as dust and his eyes were yellow and unnatural looking.' Some of the men scoff at this, but the small man goes on: 'It's true, honest. He flies, yes flies, up above the ship and there was this awful smile on his face, dust etch my bones, I'll never forget that smile as long as I live, pure evil it was. Well, at this I get off that deck as quick as I can and into my bunk. And that's not the end of it. The next day I could swear there were less of them onboard as when we started out. Anyway, we did do some whaling on the way back, but I can tell you, I'm never working on the Winged Demon no more!'

There is silence around the table for a moment but one of the men says, 'You've been drinking too much as usual,' and they break into uproarious laughter. Turning away, you ask the barman about whaling ships for hire.

'Well, most any whaler is up for hire,' he replies, 'but you gotta be careful. I mean, I wouldn't hire out the Winged Demon, even if it was for nothing. Tell you what though, the Dustskate should be here in a day or two and Captain Cresap Ord's a good man. That's your best bet if you're not in a hurry.' Thanking him, you leave the Recreation Centre. Will you:

Go back to Falcon's Wing and wait for the Dustskate to arrive if you think you can afford the time?
Board the Winged Demon and try to arrange an expedition as soon as possible?
Turn to 283
Turn to 60

70
Your eyes widen in surprise, but you try not to give anything away. You recognise the sailor as one of the fanatical disciples of Baal who tried to kill you once before. He nods at Captain Nathan and then stares at you, expressionlessly. The Captain says, Take these two men with you and show them the location of your equipment and well get it loaded aboard. The payment will be five thousand placs now and five thousand when we get back to port. Is that agreeable to you?' Will you:

Say yes and lead the two sailors to Falcon's Wing - you may be able to lose them or you may wish to carry on with the expedition regardless?
Turn down the Captain's offer, saying you must first see if you can get a cheaper price elsewhere?
Turn to 81
Turn to 92

71
You catch the creature in the chest, smearing the powersuit and its contents across the ridge, where it freezes instantly, completely inert. All that is left is a broad red stain, frozen solid. Exhausted, you pick yourself up and use your jets to fly back to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 100.

72
You drop to the floor but a single barbed two-foot javelin explodes from the wall, six inches from the floor and embeds itself into your thigh. Lose 7 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you slowly draw it out, gasping in pain. Will you:

Step onto the slab directly ahead of you, in the last row?
Step onto the slab diagonally to your right, the middle slab on the last row?
Step directly to your right, to the centremost of Turn to 373 the nine slabs?
Turn to 393
Turn to 404

73
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 156
If you score Z-5, turn to 164

74
You open fire with your blaster. At such close range you cannot miss and you manage to fry two of them before another darts forward and slashes at your chest with the speed of a striking snake. You are hurled backward, lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your suit begins to repair itself and you have just enough time to spray a continuous stream of plasma across the width of the tunnel, leaving it dotted with the smoking carcasses of the Warriors. Shaken by their fearless attack, you press on. Turn to 99.

75
Some Aztecs lining the roadway gape in astonishment as you turn and unleash a bolt of superheated plasma at the flying figure of Baal. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 382
If you score 2-5, turn to 65

76
Soon you are safe in your bay at the Eiger Vault. You call in a maintenance team to make the necessary repairs to Falcon's Wing whilst you reflect on what could have happened had you been wearing your battlesuit in the fight against Baal. Have you spoken with Agent Bloodhound during this mission? If you have, turn to 20. If you have one piece of the Rack, turn to 9.

77
You hit the ground, trying to hug it as if it were a blanket against the cold. You can hear the whine of musket balls parting the air near your head, but you are unhurt. Will you:

Lie where you are, in the long grass and await developments?
Reverse your jacket so that the blue is on the outside, move away from your present point and then run towards the Union lines?
Turn to 89
Turn to 103

78
At the sight of each other, they both stiffen. The taller one moves closer until they are a few metres apart, both still awkwardly close to Falcon's Wing. With an earsplitting bellow and remarkable speed for his size, the shorter Rigellian brings his club across and up at the head of his opponent, who whirls away. In astonishment you watch as they fight, a continuous whirl of glittering steel, feints, lunges, and dodges forming an incredible display of martial skill, almost beautiful to watch if it were not so deadly. Will you:

Stay where you are and await the outcome of the battle?
Try to creep around the edge of the glade and get to Falcon's Wing from the rear?
Thinkstrike one of them before they discover Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 87
Turn to 96
Turn to 109

79
Captain Nathan suggests you go with the two sailors and load your equipment onto the Winged Demon. Some hours later, Falcon's Wing is stowed in the hold and the ship sets sail, scudding across the dust. The second day out, you are gazing out across the heaving red sea when you look behind you to see a ring of twenty or more sailors hemming you in, their faces staring mercilessly. The captain steps forward and says, 'You chose the wrong ship, Offworlder. We are all of the old religion, our Lord is he who you would wish to imprison, Baal, Lord of the Flies. He sent word to us of your coming and now we will exact retribution.' He signals to his men and soon you are overpowered. There is nothing you can do against so many. You are tied to a block of wood and your heart is cut out and offered up to Baal as a sacrifice. You have failed.

80
Quickly, you leave the warehouse, your blaster hidden in the folds of your clothing. You are on a paved street, lined with dark and brooding buildings, all industrial in some way. It is night on Dustbowl. Looking through the transparent Dome of Refuge you see the night sky, scattered with unfamiliar constellations and strange stars. The street seems deserted except for some large automated hovcars that stop at certain points in the streets, marked with posts fortunately labelled in Fedspeak. The black robed figure is disappearing around a corner at the end of the street. Using your Psychic Awareness to mark his mental pattern, you are able to follow him without having to keep him in sight. You come to a more active area of Refuge. The buildings are still dark and gloomy - it seems all of Refuge has been built in this dark stone. There are seamy shops and drinking houses and the street is lit by a central strip light, running the length of the street. The people seem to be ignoring each other, hurrying along with their eyes fixed on the road ahead of them. You duck down a thin alley until you come to a large door through which your target has just gone. Quietly, you try to push the door open. Suddenly, a panel in the door clicks open and a pair of coal-black eyes glare out at you, looking you up and down. 'Who are you and what do you want?' a voice demands tensely. You can either try to gain entrance and find out who has been monitoring you or you can leave Dustbowl to continue your search elsewhere. Will you:

Thinkstrike the man at the door?
Use your Power of Will on him?
Say 'Sorry, wrong address' and go back to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 179
Turn to 189
Turn to 168

81
You agree to the Captain's terms and leave with the two sailors. You lead them along the quayside for a little way. They are quiet and taciturn, it seems they are not interested in conversation. Will you:

Allow Falcon's Wing to be loaded onto the Winged Demon as planned?
Thinkstrike the two sailors?
Use your blaster on the one you know for sure to be a disciple of Baal?
Turn to 51
Turn to 105
Turn to 114

82
A hushed silence falls, as Baal hangs there. Then, with a smile of pure evil, Baal gestures at the priests, the passage of his hand leaving a fading trail of crackling yellow energy. They leap up and frantically continue the sacrifice, offering the hearts up to what they believe to be their god. With a thrill of horror, you realise Baal is feeding off the life forces of the victims, using some kind of psychic vampirism. Even as you watch, he seems to grow stronger, raw energy flickering about him in everincreasing intensity. He throws back his head and laughs, a terrible booming sound that echoes around the plaza. If you are carrying a piece of the Rack, turn to 93. If you are not, turn to 111.

83
Your Particle Disruptor beam drills into the ice near the creature. It rolls away and fires its laser rifle. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 91
If you score 2-5, turn to 110

84
Your assailant sees what you are doing and brings his knife down onto your arm. You grunt in pain, pulling your arm back reflexively. *Lose 8 Endurance points.* If you are still alive, will you:

Use your Power of Will?
Roll off the bed, and try to knock him to the floor?
Turn to 62
Turn to 73

85
You concentrate hard, but it is surprisingly easy to take control of their tiny minds, they are bred for a lifetime of obedience. You force them to attack their fellows and a vicious battle ensues. In a few bloody seconds four of them are dead. The survivor's leg has been virtually filleted, but it limps towards you. Grimly you blast it back out of the tunnel with a bolt from your blaster and press on. Turn to 99.

86
Soon you are safe in your bay at the Eiger Vault, You call in a maintenance team to make the necessary repairs to Falcon's Wing whilst you reflect on what could have happened had you been wearing your battlesuit in the fight against Baal. You have two parts of the Rack now, you must search for the third. Your only clue is the timeline disturbances and the death of Kingfisher on the timehole on Cave. After the Maintenance Techs have completed their work, you set co-ordinates for Cave, in the year 432 AD. Turn to 205.

87
The battle continues for a few minutes more. The stocky Rigellian parries an axe cut with his armoured hand and then whips his spiked hand across the other's chest, gashing him. Encouraged, he redoubles his attack but the other twists aside and, his arm a blur, seems to pass the twin-bladed sword across the stocky. Rigellian's thigh, opening up a deep wound. He follows up with a mighty axe blow, and the stocky Rigellian is hurled backwards. Suddenly he disappears into a tree. To your horror you realise he has fallen into the hologram disguising Falcon's Wing! The taller Rigellian stands stock still in utter amazement. You must act quickly. Your Time Machine could be damaged and you must also minimise any effects on Rigellian history its sighting may have. Will you:

Thinkstrike the last Rigellian?
Attack the Rigellian from behind, perhaps you can knock him out without being seen?
Creep around the edge of the glade and enter Falcon's Wing from the rear?
Turn to 120
Turn to 140
Turn to 129

88
Cross the magnesite off your Agent Profile. You pack it around the door, stand well back and fire a blast of plasma that ignites the bluish rock. There is a bright flare of blue light that fills the cavern with the light of day for a few seconds. After the reaction is over you examine the door, but to your dismay it is left without a scratch, and is not even warm. You will have to try something else. Return to 35 and choose again.

89
A few seconds pass and then there is a ragged cheering, accompanied by a strange whooping from behind you. Popping your head up over the long grass you can see a horde of Confederate Infantry in a full blooded charge at the Union lines. They will pass over you in a few moments. You lie still, pretending to be dead. You can hear the repeated volleys of musketfire from the Union lines and the shrieks of the wounded and dying as the Confederates press home their attack. After they have gone, you risk a look. A brief hand-to-hand struggle ensues and then the blue coats fall back, the Confederates too exhausted to pursue for now. Suddenly, a movement catches your eye and a section of wood just disappears. Your holodetector no longer registers another Time Machine. It looks like Yelov has escaped. You make your way to Benner's Hill where you are pleased to see Lynx waiting for you. 'I stopped his attempt on Ewell, but I couldn't prevent him reaching his Time Machine,' she says despondently. 'I was hoping you'd be there.' You tell Lynx what happened. 'Lucky to be alive, as usual, eh, Falcon? Anyway, I must try to find him again. Thanks and good luck with the Baal mission.' Turn to 333.

90
The lift functions as an Environment Dome, but is completely transparent. You can see out over the Sea of Dust. The sun, bright and very white, is rising over the edge of the cliffs, many miles distant, illuminating the Sea of Dust with silver light. Visibility is not good, the air is filled with fine dust which glitters redly in the sun, but you can still make out the vast expanse of heaving dust, a deep rusty red, almost like a lake of blood, punctuated with small specks of gleaming silver - whaling ships. The lift, actually as large as the warehouse you arrived in, hurtles down at an incredible pace and soon you are on the wharf of the port, breathing through your mask. Several massive whaling ships, of steel from bow to stern, and powered with sails, are berthed. Some are unloading massive crates of whalemeat and oil, others are taking in supplies before going out again. Darting behind a large crate you set up the tripod and begin searching for any signs of the Rack. You find nothing, and, after cursing your wasted journey, head back to the lift. Turn to 40.

91
A laser beam cuts into the ice inches just behind you, raising a cloud of vaporised steam that freezes again instantly. Will you:

Fire your Particle Disruptor again?
Launch a rocket?
Turn to 381
Turn to 11

92
At this, Captain Nathan stares at you thoughtfully for a moment. Suddenly he leaps up and points at you, shouting, 'Quickly men, kill him in the name of Baal, he is the Time Traveller, Baal has delivered him to us!' You act instantly, driving your fist into the throat of the nearest sailor. He sinks to his knees, gurgling in agony, temporarily disabled. The other vaults the desk, his dagger gleaming wickedly. Meanwhile Captain Nathan picks up a microphone and alerts his crew to your presence, it seems the whole ship belongs to the priests of Baal! Will you:

Run for the stairs?
Thinkstrike the oncoming sailor?
Turn to 194
Turn to 206

93
The white triangle is heating up. Examining it, you can see it pulsing with white light. Somehow, it knows Baal is here or else it is registering the presence of another segment of the Rack nearby. Turn to 111.

94
An hour passes as you labour on, and the storm lessens a little. Then you come to the top of a gnarled ice ridge, looking down into a valley, where a large grey dome rests. Black smoke seeping out from an exhaust vent is whipped away in the wind. This must be the mining station, and using the tripod again, you are able to tell that the item you seek lies far below it. Then you notice a figure in an industrial powersuit coming around the back of the Dome, making towards the circular air-lock door at its base. The figure sees you and stops in its tracks. The body is in a posture of surprise. Your battlesuit picks up a radio signal from the figure. 'I mean, wow, man, like really ultra! Who are you? I mean, I thought this filthy ice-cube was uninhabited,'and he breaks into laughter. You send a message back, saying you are a Scout whose Explorer Class starship's drive failed.

'Am I glad to see you!' you say. 'I thought I'd never find the mining station.'

'What a story, man. Hey, that's really ultra! You'd better come down, I'll take you to the manager. Ultra warm in the Dome.' You'll have to enter the Dome anyway so you go down and join the man. Minutes later, you are through the Dome's air-lock. The man is stripping off his powersuit, so you do the same, stepping out in your environment suit and hanging your battlesuit next to a row of the powersuits. They are virtually the same as yours save without weaponry, armour, microbeam radar, jetpack and the like. He is a tall, thin man, unshaven and unwashed, characterised by quick nervous movements of his hands. As he leads you down a functional grey corridor, all steel, lined with pipes and illuminated by strip-lights, he says, 'I am Sil McReady, the Engineer, pleased to meet you.' You introduce yourself as Lieutenant Falcon of the Scouts. 'Here's the Rec Room, not what you'd call really ultra but it's better'n stinking ice!' and he opens a door in the right hand wall. Turn to 359.

95
In a flash you have your blaster in your hand. Squeezing the trigger you bathe your assailant in a stream of hot plasma. His dagger stops inches from your side and he is blown back against the wall with a loud crash, sinking to the floor, a charred mess. The other two, screaming loudly, hurl themselves at you. You blast one, burning his leg and are struggling with the other when Cresap Ord bursts in with several men. Your attackers are pulled off. After questioning you, the captain orders them locked in the brig. He asks why you think they attacked you, but you pretend ignorance. He examines you suspiciously for a few seconds and then says, 'Anyway, carrying an energy weapon is illegal. Normally, I'm supposed to arrest you now and return to port, but I need the placs you'll pay me. However, I'll have to take the weapon and hand you over to the authorities when we return. It shouldn't be too bad, you are an Offworlder and you were acting in self-defence.' He holds out his hand and you give him your blaster, realising it would be more trouble than it's worth to refuse it. You have several more in Falcon's Wing anyway. You may note you have a new blaster the next time you are in Falcon's Wing. The captain thanks you and leaves, telling you to lock the door. The rest of the night passes uneventfully. Turn to 106.

96
You point the pencil-like microbeam key at the door and press the button. To your pleasure the door slides silently open, and you step through. Lying on the floor is a translucent white triangle, with three small squares buried at each corner, the Rack section. Grabbing it you turn back to the door. Stepping out into the cavern you see to your consternation that Baal, howling triumphantly, has defeated all of the Caver Warriors and is now turning his attention to you. He points at you and a flare of energy builds up at his fingertips. You are just about to steal yourself to try and avoid the imminent fireball, when the segment of the Rack you have just picked up glows hotly in your hands. Baal snarls angrily as he tries to send lethal energy winging its way towards you across the cavern. He tries again and again, but it seems the piece you have just picked up is preventing him from using his natural energy. He is still deadly, however. Now you will have to try to get to the corridor on the other side of the cavern. As you run out across the rocky floor, he scoops up the grisly remains of a Warrior and readies himself to hurl it at you. You will have to distract Baal in some way. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on Baal?
Fire your blaster at Baal?
Try to Thinkstrike Baal?
Turn to 132
Turn to 141
Turn to 152

97
You jump into the air as a two-foot barbed javelin explodes from the wall, six inches from the floor. It hurtles away under your feet and thuds into the far wall, thrumming loudly for a moment. You land on the slab safely. Wiping the sweat from your brow you continue on. Will you:

Step onto the slab directly ahead of you, in the last row?
Step onto the slab diagonally to your right, the middle slab on the last row?
Step directly to your right, to the centremost of the nine slabs?
Turn to 393
Turn to 404
Turn to 373

98
Grunting, you force yourself up the side of the glade as it echoes to the ring of steel on steel and the guttural cries of the combatants. Soon, you are at the edge of the glade. You can see that it is part of a large open area, mostly grass, dotted with areas of hilly ground, marsh and forest, all mostly squat and in shades of blue in sharp contrast with the yellow sky. You can just make out some kind of fence or barrier enclosing a few square miles of terrain. It appears you were unlucky enough to materialise in one of the arenas set aside for ritual combat CAIN spoke of. Soon you have worked yourself around to the back of Falcon's Wing. Breathing heavily after the effort of walking in this gravity, you enter the hologram. Falcon's Wing stands undiscovered. You can hear the combat continuing as you approach your Time Machine. Suddenly, there is a meaty crash, a scream of pain cut short, and the stocky Rigellian careers backwards into Falcon's Wing, which shudders with the impact. The Rigellian slumps to the ground, a yellowish fluid seeping from a great wound in its chest. There is dead silence outside the hologram. The other Rigellian must have been shocked at the sight of his enemy seeming to disappear. There is a loud shout and the other Rigellian leaps in, eyes staring in uncertainty, legs braced for attack as he comes to a halt, obviously expecting a trap. He stares at Falcon's Wing for a moment but then sees you, what he believes to be an apprentice medic. Your Universal Translator renders his guttural speech as close as possible into words you can understand as he bellows at you: Treachery! Dishonour upon the Clan Arocks! So "Strong-in-arm-andbody" had an apothecary hidden nearby to help him in battle! I would not have thought it of him. But now your life is forfeit, as is the claim of the Clan Arocks in this matter.' Slowly he raises the axe, almost as large as you. Will you:

Try to disable the Rigellian using your skill at hand-to-hand combat?
Try to use your blaster on him?
Try to use your Power of Will even though he is an alien?
Turn to 150
Turn to 161
Turn to 172

99
You continue down the shadowed corridor. After a few minutes it opens out into a large chamber, and to a grisly brutal sight. Large shattered eggs lie everywhere, seeping the glutinous remains of many Cavers, heartlessly killed before hatching. It looks as if an entire batch has been destroyed. It is indeed a bitter internal struggle you think to yourself as you hurry on to a tunnel on the other side of the chamber. This leads to another cavern, obviously a Caver's 'farm'. Several red-furred Workers, ignoring you completely, tend large stone vats filled with decaying organic matter. These Workers are two-armed with large hands. Your stomach turns as you notice the semi-decayed remains of many types of Cavers in the vats. A vast expanse of mushroom-like fungus stretches into the darkness. Workers carrying some of the rotting sludge in stone jars are spreading it over the fungus. The Cavers recycle their dead by feeding them to the fungus, presumably their staple diet. Thankful that you are wearing your environment suit and cannot smell anything, you continue along the tunnel that leads out of the cavern. Turn to 107.

100
Soon you are sitting in the warmth and safety of Falcon's Wing, glad to be alive after your hair-raising experience. CAIN says: 'I have new information in my databanks, Falcon. It seems the mining station on Chill was the subject of some horrible attack by a particularly unpleasant alien life form. Only Braxton Bragg, the manager, survived. There is a story about a scout, Lieutenant Falcon, who later the scout service denied all knowledge of. Apparently he saved Bragg's life at the end, but was killed himself, although they never found his body.' You explain the recent events to CAIN, and it remarks, 'Baal must have visited this place many millenia ago, and planted the Rack section and the egg to guard it.' As you listen to CAIN, your attention is drawn to a bright white light behind you. Turning your head, you gasp in astonishment. The four triangles have linked together to form a four-pointed star and it is pulsing rapidly with light that is travelling round and round it. Suddenly, Falcon's Wing begins to dematerialise as your Variac Drive begins to function.

'CAIN?' you query.

'I am not activating it, Falcon.' Somehow the Rack of Baal is causing your Machine to travel in time. Your mind is soon tuned to the psychic emanations of the Rack and you are able to determine that you are headed for the timehole in the Dirkheim Void. But there is nothing in the Void, you think to yourself. After a while Falcon's Wing materialises in open space. Your mind reels as you look around, for there is nothing except blackness. Then the cameras reveal a large asteroid hanging in the black nothingness of the Void. A steel door, surrounded by dull glowing lights like the door in the cavern on Cave, is set into the side of the asteroid. 'I would say that the Rack has led us to Baal's base. Falcon. You have to take it in there.'Nodding grimly you don your battlesuit and, taking the Rack in an assistor arm, leave Falcon's Wing and jet towards the doorway. If you have a microbeam pencil key, turn to 410. If not, turn to 296.

101
Make an Evasion Roll as you try to dash past your attackers.
If you score 6-12, turn to 251
If you score 2-5, turn to 261

102
Suddenly there is a sickening, tearing sound and Tsu Tsang's chest rips apart loudly, blood and slime spraying everywhere. Several tentacles writhe and twist forward, hissing and bubbling horribly. Her body jerks convulsively, the jaws crack open and her tongue, impossibly long, slithers out obscenely, splitting like ripe fruit into two pulpy appendages that form into stings like a scorpion's tail in front of your very eyes. Organic juices spurt and flow in rivulets. Utterly horrified you stand transfixed with shock at what you are seeing, as slime ridden tentacles reach out for you. Make a Power of Will Roll as you try to retain control of your senses.
If you score 6-12, turn to 414
If you score 2-5, turn to 402

103
You edge your way to the left, changing your jacket, and then
rise to your feet. Just then you hear a loud cheering and a
strange whooping and a horde of Confederate soldiers appear
behind you, in a full-blooded charge at the Union lines.
Desperately you run forward. Some of the blue coats are
shouting: 'Come on, you can make it!' Then an officer shouts,
'Down man!', instructing you to drop. There is a crackling sound
along the Union line which is instantly wreathed in smoke, as
they unleash a volley of musket fire. The front line of the
Confederates stops as if it had run into a brick wall, but the
others push on. You are trapped between the volleys of the
Union soldiers and the charging infantry, and are forced to
crawl forwards. However, the line of Confederates pass over
you, and you are bayonetted to death, almost as an afterthought.

104
You roll into the chamber beyond as the spot where you were
standing is bathed with lethal energy. As you come to your feet
you can see a translucent white triangle on the floor, three small
squares embedded in each corner, a section of the Rack. Quickly
you grab it. Turn to 24.

105
Make a Thinkstrike Roll as you try to disable the first sailor.
If you score 6-12, turn to 144
If you score 2-5, turn to 133

106
The next morning the captain tells you that you have arrived at
the area you are looking for. Using the detector, you tell the
captain the exact spot where you would like the 'diving bell'
lowered. He shrugs his shoulders saying, 'Whatever you like,
but I would have thought one place is as good as another on this
God-forsaken expanse of dust!' Ignoring the murmured
comments of 'Completely mad, these Offworlders', you get into
Falcon's Wing and the crew hook it up with steel hausers to a
huge drum that will lower the 'diving bell'. Sitting in your crashcouch, you watch through the cameras as you sink into the dust.
Soon the screens are completely black, there is absolutely no
light and sight is totally useless. Falcon's Wing begins to bob
slightly as it goes down. CAIN chimes: 'I think you should know
that some life forms can be dangerous here, Falcon. No real
research has been done, but it is thought that the creatures of
the Sea of Dust use some kind of sonar as their senses.
Apparently they emit a light beam of sound which is bounced off
objects and the sound reflection is interpreted, like you would
interpret light coming into your eyes, Falcon.' With a jarring
shudder you hit the bottom. Carefully donning your battlesuit
and taking the detector tripod, you descend into the Sea of Dust.
You cannot see anything except the battlesuit readout on your
face plate. The pressure is great and is almost at the maximum
your suit can take. You will have to be quick. Using the tripod
you soon have the location of the Rack segment. You engage
your microbeam radar and the Rack piece registers as a small
blip on your face plate display, only a few yards to your left.
Slowly you make your way towards it, the servos of your suit
whining under the strain of moving through so much dust.
Turn to 174.
107
Once again, the sound of battle comes to you from up ahead, but
on a much larger scale this time. The tunnel opens out into
another large chamber. Pausing in the shadows you survey the
scene. To your right, two long lines of yellow- and red-furred
Warriors are engaged in a devastating struggle to the death.
You have appeared behind the red-furred 'rebels', this time
commanded by three Nobles. It is apparent that the rebels will
triumph again as the red-furred Nobles are equipped with laser
pistols and are using them to deadly effect. A reserve of twenty

Warriors are waiting behind the three Nobles. Beyond the
royalist lines you can see yellow-furred Burrowers widening a
tunnel through which more Warriors, these with yellow and red
fur, are coming. The loyalists must have launched an attack
through a secret tunnelled corridor, but the assault seems
doomed to failure, the lasers are taking an awful toll; as fast as
the Warriors take up position in the line they are cut down.
Looking left away from the carnage, you notice a tunnel leading
away, into rebel territory. Will you:
Try to help the loyalists?
Go down the tunnel to your left?

Turn to 117
Turn to 128

108
You jump up, but an obsidian-tipped spear catapults from the
ceiling directly above your head. You manage to twist your head
aside but the spear enters your body just above the collarbone
ripping through the length of your body and killing you
instantly.

109
You decide to Thinkstrike the stocky Rigellian as he is nearest to
the clump of trees that disguise Falcon's Wing. You hurl a blast
of mental energy at him. There is a grunt of pain and he throws
his head back and staggers like a wounded elephant. The other
Rigellian does not hesitate; he twists aside and, his arm a blur,
seems to pass the twin-bladed sword across the stocky
Rigellian's thigh, opening up a deep wound. He follows up with a
mighty axe blow, and the stocky Rigellian is hurled backwards.
Suddenly he disappears into a tree. To your horror you realise
he has fallen into the hologram disguising Falcon's Wing! The
taller Rigellian stands stock still in utter amazement. You must
act quickly. Your Time Machine could be damaged and you must
also minimise any effects on Rigellian history its sighting may
have. Will you:
Thinkstrike the last Rigellian?
Turn to 120
Attack the Rigellian from behind, perhaps you
can knock him out without being seen?
Turn to 140
Creep around the edge of the glade and enter
Falcon's Wing from the rear?
Turn to 129

110
A laser beam slams into your battlesuit, close to your environment control unit. *Subtract two from your battlesuit armour points.* You realise it is aiming to destroy your suit's ability to keep out the cold. Without your environment control, you will freeze to death in seconds. Will you:

Fire your Particle Disruptor again?
Launch a rocket?
Turn to 381
Turn to 11

111
What will you do? Will you:

Fire a concentrated burst of plasma at Baal, whilst he is not yet at the height of his power?
Make a mental attack upon him, either a Thinkstrike or a Power of Will?
Ignore him for the moment, and go directly towards the section of the Rack?
Turn to 121
Turn to 131
Turn to 142

112
You slam into the legs of two of them, but they are ready for you and fall on top of you, pinning you to the ground for a brief moment which is enough time for their two companions to plunge their blades into your body over and over again. You scream in pain as you try to twist away from their daggers but to no avail. They leave your twitching body to die in the gutter.

113
You roll into the chamber beyond, but not before your back is singed badly by the blast of lethal energy that fills the opening. It burns through to your flesh and you lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your suit, still functioning well, begins to repair itself. As you come to your feet you can see a translucent white triangle on the floor, three small squares embedded in each corner, a section of the Rack. Quickly you grab it. Turn to 124.

114
[Score an S]
You draw your blaster and fire at the disciple of Baal. He is completely surprised and you cannot miss at this range. A river of superheated plasma ploughs into him, burning away his head and shoulders in seconds. The other gives a howl of fear, runs, and is soon lost in the port. You return to Falcon's Wing where you decide to wait until the Winged Demon has left on another whaling expedition, then you can find another ship. You instruct CAIN to disguise Falcon's Wing as a pile of whaling equipment to avoid the prying eyes of anyone in search of the scientist's diving bell. You may lie in your Autodoc if you wish, and gain up to 6 points of lost Endurance. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1 or 2, turn to 342
If you score 3, 4, 5 or 6, turn to 187

115
You force him to turn and attack the two others. They are struggling together when you leap up and shout for help. Turning to the struggling knot you knock one of them out with a quick blow to the temple and then release control of your victim. A few seconds later, you are battling with them when Captain Cresap Ord and several men burst in. Your assailants are overwhelmed and tied up. Captain Cresap Ord asks you why they attacked you, but you pretend complete ignorance. He eyes you suspiciously for a moment and then orders that the three men be locked in the brig. He wishes you goodnight and advises you to lock the door. The rest of the night passes uneventfully. Turn to 106.

116
A musket ball thuds into your chest near the right shoulder. The impact, like a physical blow, throws you backwards to the ground. Lose 14 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you lie hidden in the long grass gritting your teeth in pain. You can hear the repeated volleys of musketfire from the Union lines and the shrieks of the wounded and dying as the Confederates press home their attack. After they have gone, you risk a look. A brief hand-to-hand struggle ensues and then the blue coats fall back, the Confederates too exhausted to pursue for now. Suddenly, a movement catches your eye and a section of wood just disappears. Your holo-detector no longer registers another Time Machine. It looks like Yelov has escaped. You make your way to Benner's Hill where you are pleased to see Lynx waiting for you. 'I stopped his attempt on Ewell,' she says despondently, 'but I couldn't stop him reaching his Time Machine. I was hoping you'd be there.' You tell Lynx what happened. 'Lucky to be alive, as usual, eh, Falcon? Anyway I must try to find him again. Thanks and good luck with the Baal mission.' Turn to 333.

117
Will you:

Pick off the three Nobles with your blaster?
Use your Power of Will to force some of the rebel Warrior reserves to attack the Nobles?
Use your Power of Will on a Noble?
Turn to 137
Turn to 149
Turn to 157

118
You roll aside and its head crashes into the spot where you once were. Leaping to your feet you give it a full blast from your flamethrower as it tries to get out from under the lift. You burn it thoroughly, making sure there is nothing left but charcoal. Then you use your blaster to reduce the lift to molten metal, sealing anything that may be left of the creature in the mine. When you have finished, you leave the Mining Control Room. Turn to 147.

119
As you fall to the side, an obsidian-tipped spear catapults from the ceiling, hammering into the stone slab, where it shivers into splinters with a crack. Wiping the sweat from your brow, you get to your feet. You must go on. Will you:

Step onto the slab directly ahead of you on the last row?
Step onto the slab diagonally to your left, on the last row?
Step onto the slab directly to your left, the centre slab of the nine?
Turn to 419
Turn to 404
Turn to 373

120
You concentrate hard and send a bolt of psionic power at the mind of the Rigellian warrior. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 185
If you score 2-5, turn to 196

121
[Score a P]
Drawing your blaster, you aim it at Baal. It is a large target, but some distance away. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 170
If you score 2-5, turn to 158

122
You notice that Tsu Tsang is not limping. There seems to be something odd about her, not quite right. Instinctively you draw your blaster, backing up, a sixth sense in your brain sending alarm signals up and down your body. Suddenly there is a sickening, tearing sound and Tsu Tsang's chest rips apart loudly, blood and slime spraying everywhere. Several tentacles writhe out and twist forward, hissing and bubbling horribly. Her body jerks convulsively, the jaws crack open and her tongue, impossibly long, slithers out obscenely, splitting like ripe fruit into two pulpy appendages that form into stings like a scorpion's tail in front of your very eyes. Organic juices spurt and flow in rivulets. Utterly horrified, you stand transfixed with shock at what you are seeing, as slime ridden tentacles reach out for you. *Make a Power of Will Roll* as you try to regain control of your senses.
If you score 6-12, turn to 396
If you score 2-5, turn to 379

123
You slam into the legs of three of them and they fly over you, crashing to the ground. In an instant you are up, but the fourth whips his dagger out, gashing your shoulder as he shouts: 'Die, in the name of Baal!' Controlling your shocked surprise at this, you unleash a Thinkstrike and he staggers back, holding his head. Barging past him you dart into the warehouse, running for the crate marked 'Eiger Corporation'. Then a loud humming fills the air, as if of a hundred bees flying in unison. Turning your head you are greeted by a revolting sight. Flying into the warehouse is what can only be described as a twelve-foot fly, its huge compound eyes glittering malevolently and its black limbs glistening with mucus and lined with cilia. Its mouthparts are working violently, oozing a vile greyish saliva. Incredibly it speaks, the sound disturbingly unnatural, human words not meant for an alien throat. 'You must die, Time Traveller, Baal has spoken,' it bubbles. A wave of disgust comes over you even
though you have seen many strange life forms, as it swoopstoward you, intent on devouring you. Will you:

Thinkstrike it?
Use your Power of Will?
Go for your blaster?
Turn to 135
Turn to 146
Turn to 160

124
You must try to get out of the cavern. You sprint out of the
chamber running as fast as you can for the tunnel opposite. Baal
grabs the body of a dead Warrior as if it were a rag doll and
prepares to hurl it at you. Desperately, you try to spoil his aim.
Will you:
Turn to 152
Turn to 132
Turn to 190

Thinkstrike Baal?
Use your Power of Will?
Fire your blaster at him?

125
The air begins to shimmer above the altar, at the top of the
pyramid. A huge twenty-foot figure materialises, hanging in
' space. It is a powerfully muscled man, a deep red in colour, with
slitted, reptillian eyes and taloned fingers. A nimbus of yellow
energy plays about its form. You recognise Baal. The crowd
seems to gasp in astonishment as one, and many fall to their
knees, trembling in fear. The priests and the Emperor fall
abjectly to the floor and a whisper of 'Huitzilopochtli! It's
Huitzilopochtli, the Lord of War,' ripples around the plaza. Turn
to 82.

126
More men fall to either side of you, but you are unhurt. The
Union lines are drawing close now. Will you:
Throw yourself to the ground and pretend to
be hit?
Turn to 138
Follow through with the charge?
Turn to 148

127
You fail to control him, but he is distracted by your mental
attack, giving you time to leap up and drive your knee into his
groin. He staggers back, gasping in agony as the other two close

in on you. You shout for help. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 136
If you score 2-5, turn to 145

128
You disappear unseen, down the tunnel leading away from the
scene of bloody carnage. After a while, the tunnel forks. The
right hand tunnel is dark and gloomy, as featureless as the rest
of Darkhome. However, you can see a faint glimmer of white
light down the left tunnel. Which tunnel will you go down:
Turn to 362
Turn to 374

The left hand tunnel?
The right hand tunnel?

129
Grunting, you force yourself up the side of the glade, and soon
you are at its edge. You can see that it is part of a large open area,
mostly grass, dotted with areas of hilly ground, marsh and
forest, all mostly squat and in shades of blue in sharp contrast
with the maroon sky. You can just make out some kind of fence
or barrier enclosing a few square miles of terrain. It appears you
were unlucky enough to materialise in one of the arenas set
aside for the ritual combat CAIN spoke of. Soon you have
worked yourself around to the back of Falcon's Wing. Breathing
heavily after the effort of walking in this gravity, you enter the
hologram. At the base of Falcon's Wing lies the body of the
defeated Rigellian, a yellowish fluid seeping from a great wound
in its chest. As you approach Falcon's Wing, there is a loud shout
and the other Rigellian leaps in, eyes staring in uncertainty, legs
braced for attack as he comes to a halt, obviously expecting a
trap. He stares at Falcon's Wing for a moment but then sees you,
what he believes to be an apprentice medic. Your Universal
Translator renders his guttural speech as close as possible into
words you can understand as he bellows at you: Treachery!
Dishonour upon the Clan Arocks! So "Strong-in-arm-andbody" had an apothecary hidden nearby to help him in battle? I
would not have thought it of him. But now your life is forfeit, as
is the claim of the Clan Arocks in this matter.' Slowly he raises
the axe, almost as large as you. Will you:

Try to disable the Rigellian using your skill at
hand-to-hand combat?
Turn to 150
Try to use your blaster on him?
Turn to 161
Try to use your Power of Will even though he
is an alien?
Turn to 172

130
You are not quick enough and the reptilian jaws close about
your neck, virtually taking off your head. You are dead before
you can experience the horror of being digested alive by the
creature.

131
You concentrate your thoughts, ready to attack the mind of
Baal. But suddenly, his head snaps round to stare at you and you
feel his mind probing yours - he has sensed your mental power.
Then an incredibly powerful will invades your mind, psychic
power you never imagined possible and against which you have
no hope of resisting. You can do nothing as he forces you to
mount the pyramid. Your heart is cut out and your life force is
consumed by Baal.

132
Mentally, you reach out in an attempt to engage Baal in a battle
of wills but he hardly even pauses as he hurls the corpse of the
Warrior at you with punishing force, brushing aside your
mental assault almost as an afterthought. Caught off guard the
body slams into you, sending you crashing to the ground.
Luckily none of its sharp protuberances have cut you, but the
impact has cracked one of your ribs. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you
are still alive, you rise to your feet. If you have the severed handblade of a Caver Warrior in your possession, turn to 163, if not
read on. Baal grabs another body as if it were a rag doll. You dash
for the exit as he hurls it at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 181
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

133
The one you know to be a disciple of Baal throws his head back in pain, but then looks at you wildly. 'Sorcery,' he hisses. 'Let's take him now.' With that they draw vicious looking daggers, trying to come at you from either side. One of them thrusts savagely at your abdomen. You will have to try and get away. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 165
If you score 2-6, turn to 176

134
Just as you are about to pick up the translucent triangle, you feel an unpleasant pattern of mental thought; some powerful psychic is probing your mind! There is a sudden cry of 'No!', like thunder, coming from above the roof. Then the ceiling begins to shudder and shake, dust and masonry falling from it. Something awesomely powerful is smashing its way in here. Quickly you grab the segment of the Rack. Have you seen what the Aztecs believed to have been the god Huitzilopochtli, materialise on the Great Pyramid?

If you have,
If you have not,
Turn to 178
Turn to 191

135
As it swoops closer you hurl a bolt of mental energy at the grisly apparition. Much to your consternation, there is no effect whatsoever, apparently the creature is much too alien to be affected by human thought patterns. It is getting close. Will you:

Use your blaster?
Try to use your Power of Will?
Turn to 160
Turn to 411

136
Moving fast, you deliver a short kick at one of your assailants' knee caps, spinning him to the floor. You are battling with them when Captain Cresap Ord and several men burst in. Your assailants are overwhelmed and tied up. Captain Cresap Ord asks you why they attacked you but you pretend complete ignorance. He eyes you suspiciously for a moment and then orders that the three men be locked in the brig. Then he wishes you goodnight and advises you to lock the door. The rest of the night passes uneventfully. Turn to 106.

137
Make an Attack Roll as you open up with rapid blasts of plasma.
If you score 7-12, turn to 169
If you score 2-6, turn to 177

138
You drop into the long grass crying out in mock agony. You lie still, pretending to be dead. You can hear the repeated volleys of musketfire from the Union lines and the shrieks of the wounded and dying as the Confederates press home their attack. After they have gone, you risk a look. A brief hand-to-hand struggle ensues and then the blue coats fall back, the Confederates too exhausted to pursue for now. Suddenly, a movement catches your eye and a section of wood just disappears. Your holodetector no longer registers another Time Machine. It looks like Yelov has escaped. You make your way to Benner's Hill where, you are pleased to see Lynx waiting for you. 'I stopped his attempt on Ewell, but I couldn't prevent him reaching his Time Machine,' she says despondently. 'I was hoping you'd be there.' You tell Lynx what happened. 'Lucky to be alive, as usual, eh, Falcon? Anyway I must try to find him again. Thanks and good luck with the Baal mission.' Turn to 333.

139
You launch all your rockets and fire your Particle Disruptor several times, destroying many of the fly-creatures. But there are too many of them and they crash into you from all sides, ripping and tearing at your battlesuit, wreaking terrible damage to it. Subtract 4 from your armour score. If it is at 0, turn to 180. If it is still functional, you boost your jets and surge up out of their
reach. Will you:

Throw the Rack at Baal?
Fire your Particle Disruptor at him?
Turn to 188
Turn to 159

140
As silently as you can you stalk the Rigellian warrior. However, you are unable to move as quickly as you would normally under this gravity, and the warrior senses you. He spins and hurls a viciously barbed sphere in one motion. You are unable to throw yourself aside and it slams into your shoulder with superhuman force, knocking you to the ground. Desperately, you struggle to your feet but he is upon you. In a flash he has struck your head from your shoulders. You have failed.

141
Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 215
If you score 2-5, turn to 223

142
Horrified, you make your way through the crowd towards the
building housing the piece of the Rack. It is a low structure, with
a large square entrance, hung with bright curtains. Two Jaguar
Knights stand guard at either side. Not wishing to waste time in
this place of death, you decide to Thinkstrike them in rapid
succession. Turn to 311.

143
You hurl yourself forward, coming to rest just in front of the
altar. A long, sharpened wooden stake bursts out of the slab you
were just on. Relieved to be still alive, you turn your attention to
the altar. Turn to 134.

144
The one you know to be a disciple of Baal throws his head back,
his face screwed up in pain and slumps to the ground. The other
sailor stares at his prone body in astonishment. Taking no
chances, you drive your fist at his temple, knocking him out
instantly. You return to Falcon's Wing where you decide to wait
until the Winged Demon has left on another whaling
expedition, so you can find another ship. You instruct CAIN to
disguise Falcon's Wing as a pile of whaling equipment to avoid
the prying eyes of anyone in search of the scientist's diving bell.
You may lie in your Autodoc if you wish, and gain up to 6 points of
lost Endurance. Turn to 342.

145
Desperately, you try to fight them off, but one of them manages
to slash your shoulder with his dagger. Lose 4 Endurance points. If
you are still alive, you are battling with them when Captain
Cresap Ord and several men burst in. Your assailants are
overwhelmed and tied up. Captain Cresap Ord asks you why
they attacked you but you pretend complete ignorance. He eyes
you suspiciously for a moment and then orders that the three
men be locked in the brig. He wishes you goodnight and advises
you to lock the door. The rest of the night passes uneventfully.
Turn to 106.

146
Concentrating hard, you project the force of your will into the
mind of the fly-being. Its mind is a confusing swirl of alien

thought patterns, so different that it almost unhinges your
mind. However, it seems the creature is under some kind of control, nothing like the mental domination you are familiar with,
rather some kind of binding that has been upon the fly-being for
centuries beyond reckoning, something which you are unable to
affect. Hastily you withdraw your mind as it swoops closer. You
have only a moment. Judging its mind as too alien to be affected
by a Thinkstrike, you go for your blaster. Turn to 160.
147
Bragg and Achov, a tool box in his hand, are waiting for you at
the corridor junction. The tool box contains the suit computers
and you take your battlesuit control unit. Achov eyes you
silently. Bragg asks you what happened and you explain
everything to him. Achov says he is going to repair the suits and
sets off to the airlock. Bragg nods tiredly, 'Wellit's sealed in the
mine, if it's still alive. All we have to do is wait for the relief ship
now.' Suddenly, an alarm bell rings out, echoing around the
Dome. 'Somebody has left the outer airlock door open!... It
must be Achov! Quick, to the suitroom,' cries Bragg and you run
down the corridor. Reaching it you discover that one powersuit
is missing and the rest have laser beam holes neatly drilled into
their face plates, all useless. However your battlesuit is intact its
face plate is of toughened pastiglas, proof against laser fire. 'It's
not Achov at all!' says Bragg. 'The creature must have got him,
and it's gone outside. There's no telling what damage it can do to
the Dome from outside with a laser weapon! Our only chance is
for you to go outside and kill it, Lieutenant. You should have a
good chance in your scoutsuit.' Knowing that you won't be
returning to the Dome, you tell Bragg to lock himself in a
Titanium Container with enough heating and food to last him
until the relief ship arrives. 'In case I don't make it Brax,' you say.
He nods and says, 'Okay Lieutenant, good luck. Finish that thing
once and for all and let this nightmare end.' Quickly you repair
your battlesuit and put it on, the Rack safe inside it, You say
goodbye to Bragg and he shakes you by the hand. You wait until
he is safely out of the way, then open the air-lock door. A rush of
freezing ammonia-ridden gas swirls in and you quickly seal the
air-lock, closing the outer door. You find yourself on the bleak
surface of Chill once more. It is day time and the weather is good
in so far as there isn't a storm. The visibility is reasonable under
the slate grey sky. You realise you did not sleep at all last night.

Will you:
Forget about Achov and head straight for
Falcon's Wing, you have the Rack now in any
case?
Turn to 212
Follow the tracks he, or it, has left clearly
imprinted in the ice?
Turn to 167

148
Ahead of you is a large log of wood. A blue jacketed man leaps up
behind it and thrusts at you with his bayonet. You grab it and
knock him senseless with a blow to his neck. Leaping over the
log you find yourself in a hand-to-hand struggle with another
Union soldier. All around, small knots of men are struggling
desperately. Another Union soldier gashes your thigh with his
bayonet, in the melee. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive,
you drop to one knee and your opponent is about to finish you
off when the Union line breaks and he is forced to flee. A cheer
goes up, but the Confederates are too tired to pursue them.
Tearing a strip of cloth from your shirt, you bind up your
wound. Suddenly, a movement catches your eye and a section of
wood just disappears. Your holo-detector no longer registers
another Time Machine. It looks like Yelov has escaped. You
have to wait a few hours until nightfall before you can get away
from the Confederate soldiers, who make no further attacks
that day. You make your way to Benner's Hill/where you are
pleased to see Lynx is waiting for you. 'Where have you been,
Falcon? I was worried. I stopped Yelov's attempt on Ewell, but I
couldn't prevent him reaching his Time Machine,' she says
despondently. 'I was hoping you'd be there.' You tell Lynx what
happened. 'Lucky to be alive, as usual, eh, Falcon? Anyway I
must try to find him again. Thanks and good luck with the Baal
mission.' Turn to 333.
149
You take control of two of the Warriors with ease as their minds
are accustomed to a life of obedience. You force them to charge
at the Nobles. However, the Nobles turn and, although utterly
surprised, their fear spurs them to speed and they cut the
Warriors down with their laser pistols. Trilling to each other
about insane Warriors, they rejoin the battle. You will have to
try something else. Will you:

Try to control one of the Nobles with your
Power of Will?
Turn to 157
Use your blaster on the Nobles? .
Turn to 137
Give up on helping the loyalists and leave the
cavern?
Turn to 128

150
You drive a kick at the huge being's knee cap, but your
movements are painfully slow in this gravity. The twin-bladed
sword whips down, severing your leg at the ankle. Seconds later
the axe is buried in your head, killing you instantly. You have
failed.
151
You step out into a large excavated area, shored up with steel
girders. Tunnels lead off in many directions, huge juggernaut
machines are lying about, currently idle. They are of all shapes
and sizes, huge drills, great caterpillar treads, wheels, jointed
mechanical legs, containers and so on. It is lit by enormous banks
of lamps. Monorails lead off into each tunnel, presumably to the
titanium faces. You board a monorail car and drive it down the
most recently excavated tunnel. It is as silent as a grave, save for
the low thrum of the monorail car's electric motors. The car
hums to a halt in a massive natural cavern of seamed rocks, lit by
the headlamps of two drilling machines. In the centre lies a black
stone altar. On it lies a translucent white triangle dimly pulsing
with light. Slowly you get out of the car, your spine tingling,
suspicious of the quiet emptiness. You edge forward to the altar,
grab the fourth part of the Rack and dart back to the car. You get
it and drive back. You are walking towards the lift when a dull
thud comes to your ears from the darkness of an empty
titanium container. Suddenly, a formless mass of flesh shoots
out of the container, telescoping out towards you, dripping
viscous slime and a fetid stench washes over you. Two stalks
rupture up out of the mass, black glinting eyes forming that fix
their gaze upon you. There is a deafening bubbling hiss, and the
rest of the creature, a large mass of writhing tentacles, bursts
out of the container. It splits open and a column of flesh rears up,
towering above you. At its top rests a hideously twisted human
head, McReady's. Then the column splits open with a vile
smacking sound and a long snake-like neck comes out, a

predatory-looking mouth opening at its end, teeth glistening
wetly. Once again you are transfixed with horror, it is as if the
creature projected fear in some kind of mental attack. Make a
Power of Will Roll as you try to force yourself into action.
If you score 6-12, turn to 209
If you score 2-5, turn to 221

152
You unleash a bolt of mental energy at Baal, but he hardly even pauses as he hurls the corpse of the Warrior at you with punishing force, brushing aside your mental assault almost as an afterthought. Caught off guard the body slams into you, sending you crashing to the ground. Luckily none of its sharp protuberances have cut you, but the impact has cracked one of your ribs. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you rise to your feet. If you have the severed hand-blade of a Caver Warrior in your possession, turn to 163, if not read on. Baal grabs another body as if it were a rag doll. You dash for the exit as he hurls it at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 181
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

153
The burly sailor comes on, completely unaffected. He slams into you with his shoulder, bruising you badly. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you can see he is slow and you dart out from under his groping hands and dash for the gangplank, but one of the crew is turning the harpoon gun on you and fires it. Instinctively you duck. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 354
If you score 2-4, turn to 364

154
A bolt of plasma flies from your pistol but McReady drops to the floor at the last moment. Achov fires again, the bullet slamming into your stomach, and Bragg drills a hole in your temple with his laser. You stand unmoving for a second, and then crumple to the floor, dead.

155
You fall flat on the floor, but a sharpened wooden stake bursts up out of the slab. Luckily for you it misses your abdomen and only slashes your thigh badly, not even impaling it. *Lose 7 Endurance points.* If you are still alive, you stagger to the altar. Turn to 134.

156
You throw yourself off the side of the bed, slamming into your assailants thigh. He throws his arm back, letting go of the knife and crashes to the floor with a cry where he lies winded. You are up on your feet, shouting for help as the others close in on you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 136
If you score 2-5, turn to 145

157
Make a Power of Will Roll as you try to control the nearest Noble.
If you score 6-12, turn to 211
If you score 2-5, turn to 226

158
A bolt of superheated plasma streaks towards the top of the pyramid, but your aim is off and it hits a priest, hurling him over the altar in a ball of flame. The crowd back away from you in terror, but Baal has spotted you. You feel his mind probing yours. Then an incredibly powerful will invades your mind, psychic power you never imagined possible and against which you have no hope of resisting. You can do nothing as he forces you to mount the pyramid. Your heart is cut out and you are consumed by Baal.

159
The beam of your Particle Disruptor takes the raging Baal in the chest. He howls, a scream of terrific agony, and jumps back put of the line of fire, pained but essentially unhurt. It is incredible that he can withstand a Particle Disruptor, you think to yourself. Just then, several fly creatures slam into you, hurling you against the steel ceiling with frightening force. Subtract 4 from your battlesuit armour points as it takes a severe battering. If your
armour score is at 0 or less, turn to 180. Otherwise, will you:

Throw the Rack at Baal?
Try to fight off the fly creatures?
Turn to 188
Turn to 139

160
You draw and fire in one swift motion. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 3
If you score 2-5, turn to 14

161
You draw your blaster and point it at the Rigellian. He stares in puzzlement and then guesses it may be a weapon. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 216
If you score 2-7, turn to 227

162
A bolt of plasma slams into McReady's leg, smashing him
against the door. He howls, an unearthly inhuman sound, and
Achov and Bragg lower the weapons that were pointed at you
and turn to look at McReady. His eyes roll up into his head.
Suddenly a small, suppurating hole appears in his neck, opening
and closing spasmodically. His skull splits open with a loud wet
crack and something large and bulky shudders forth, forming
into a heavy head, horned and armoured, two small pig-like eyes
at each side> the whole thing spilling rivulets of reddish mucus.
Horrified, Achov and Caleb hesitate. McReady's shoulders split
apart and a bony carapace forms over them. Then a thin jet of
dirty white liquid hisses from the hole in the neck and streams
towards you, Bragg and Achov. Almost as one you duck. Caleb
raises the flamethrower, but McReady's side bursts open and a
length of ridged, slime-ridden bone shoots out with devastating
speed and buries itself in Caleb's chest. He howls in agony as, in
front of your eyes, the bone begins to fuse with Caleb,
retracting slowly, drawing him to the thing. Achov, Bragg and
you open fire in horror, but the creature turns and, putting its
head down, smashes through the door and is away, taking
Caleb's body with it. Achov and Bragg, thunder-struck, turn to
you and apologise for doubting you. Bragg is ashen-faced at the
loss of Caleb. Turn to 166.

163
Before Baal can throw the body at you, a horde of yellow and
blacked striped Warriors boil into the cavern, between you and
Baal. The loyalists have broken through! The Nobles order
them to attack Baal immediately, his size and bearing draw their
attention away from you and you pass unnoticed. You wait until
the exit tunnel is cleared of the loyalist army and dart down it.
Baal is surrounded by hundreds of Warriors, for the Cavers
have no way of actually hurting Baal, you should be in Falcon's
Wing by the time he is free to follow. Turn to 237.

164
You are a little too slow; he cuts your arm with his dagger as you
roll. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you throw yourself
off the side of the bed, slamming into your assailant's thigh. He
throws his arms back, letting go of the knife and crashes to the
floor with a cry, where he lies winded. You are up on your feet,
shouting for help as the others close in on you. Make an Attack
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 136
If you score 2-5, turn to 145

165
You catch the arm holding the knife, deliver a quick sharp blow
to the bridge of your assailant's nose, and whilst he stiffens in
agony, throw him into the other dustwhaler. They both collapse
into a heap and you sprint away, losing them amongst the
mounds of crates and equipment piled in the wharf. You return
to Falcon's Wing where you decide to wait, until the Winged
Demon has left on another whaling expedition, so you can find
another ship. You instruct CAIN to disguise Falcon's Wing as a
pile of whaling equipment to avoid the prying eyes of anyone in
search of the scientist's diving bell. You may lie in your Autodoc
if you wish, and gain up to 6 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 342.

166
Bragg speaks, 'Right, it's it or us. We've got to hunt it down and
kill it; if we just wait it'll come for us in our sleep or individually.
There's only three of us now.'
'I agree,' says Achov. 'Let's do it.'
'Okay,' says Bragg. 'Let's go and get the powersuits, Lieutenant

Falcon's battlesuit will be a great asset.' You all leave together,
headed for the air-lock strong room. Unfortunately you
discover all of the powersuits, including your battlesuit, have
had their Central Processing Units ripped out. Achov rifles
through the emergency spares box, 'Damn, the spares are gone
too!' The suits are useless without their computers to guide
them. You won't be able to leave the Dome until you find the
suits' computer cartridges.
Bragg says: 'We'll just have to do without them. We'll flush it
out: Achov, you take the right corridor. Lieutenant, you take the
centre corridor, but don't descend into the mine itself, that
would be too dangerous if it's there. I'll take the left tunnel. Well
each take a short range radio on the same frequency. At the first
sign of trouble, pull back to the junction and radio for help.'
Bragg hands out the radios.
Achov gives you a flamethrower. 'This was Caleb's, he looked
after it well. He was a good man, use it to avenge him.'
Bragg says, 'If we don't find it, it'll be in the mine itself. Then
we'll go down and flush it out.' As you all head down the
corridor you nip into your cabin. Quickly you take out the tripod
and search for the Rack. You discover that it has been taken back
to the Cavern at the end of the mineshaft. You will have to go
down there after all despite Bragg's warning not to. Turn to
412.

167
Achov's tracks lead up to a nearby ridge. Looking up you can see
the trail leads to the mouth of an ice-cave. Opposite the cave is
another ridge of ice, about fifty yards from it. Will you:
Go round to the back of the ridge and take up a
position directly above the cave mouth?
Turn to 21
Walk around to the other ridge and take up a
position looking into the cave?
Turn to 59

168
The panel slams shut abruptly and you begin to retrace your
steps. You decide that whoever has been tracking you doesn't
have a part of the Rack, that this is your primary mission and
that you had better continue the search elsewhere. You reach

the warehouse where Falcon's Wing rests. Suddenly four black
robed figures, waiting at the entrance to the warehouse, charge
at you without hesitation and in silence, drawing long, wickedly
curved daggers. You have little time to act. Instinctively, you
hurl yourself, rolling, at their feet, hoping to trip them and run
on to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 123
If you score 2-4, turn to 112

169
A bolt of superheated plasma burns off the head of your first
target. Before the other two have noticed, you have cut another
down. The remaining Noble turns and fires at you, but you
dodge aside and a thin lance of blue light takes a chunk of rock
out of the wall. Firing on the move, you catch the last Noble full
in the chest, hurling it backwards in a ball of flaming fur. The
rebels will soon be overwhelmed, especially as their Warrior
reserve will be unable to act without orders from the Nobles.
You head towards the tunnel when your foot nudges something
on the floor. It is a Warrior's severed hand, more like a short
sword than anything else. Picking it up, you put it in one of your
suit pouches. Turn to 128.

170
A bolt of superheated plasma streaks towards Baal, hitting him
squarely in the chest. Coruscating streams of plasma crackle and
spit across his body and he staggers back in the air, howling like
thunder. The crowd back off away from you, and you can hear a
muttering of 'Quetzacoatl'. From what you know of Aztec
mythology, they think you are a god, Quetzacoatl, the enemy of
Huitzilopochtli. This is too much for them and they begin to flee
from the plaza in droves, except for the black-robed priests and
some of the knights, although they make no attempts to prevent
the massed prisoners from running. Then, to your horror, you
see that Baal has survived the blast of plasma and is now
enraged, snarling in fury. He points at you and, to your shocked
amazement, a ball of yellow crackling energy erupts from his
arm and speeds toward you, leaving a glowing vapour trail in the
sky. Desperately, you try to leap aside, amazed at such a display
of inherent power. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 182
If you score 2-6, turn to 199

171
You are not fast enough and one of the razor sharp horns on the
body of the Warrior punctures your suit and gouges a wound
into your arm. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
manage to remain on your feet. Just then a troop of red-furred
Warriors charge into the room and straight at Baal, led by two of
the rebel Nobles, still trying to defeat the intruder Baal. They
use their laser pistols on him as the Warriors launch themselves
into the attack. You make it to the exit and sprint down it. Baal's
bellows of rage fill the cavern. You know it will only be a matter
of minutes before Baal has dealt with the Cavers and is hot on
your trail. Turn to 204.

172
[Score a B]
You concentrate hard, trying to bend the huge warrior to your
will. Luckily, his thought patterns are not unlike a human's, and
you catch him completely unawares; to him you are a young
Rigellian medic, posing little threat. He falls under your
domination. You force him to run away from the glade for as
long as you can hold him under your power. He is some miles
away when you release him. Soon you are in the crash-couch of
Falcon's Wing. Your body feels as light as air now that you are in
the artificial gravity of Falcon's Wing. After you have told CAIN
what happened, it chimes: 'You must have landed in a Rigellian
ritual combat arena. My data banks tell me you have changed
Rigellian history slightly, Falcon. The defeated Warrior was of
the Arocks clan. They have now been disgraced since you were
taken to be an Arocks assassin with a new "dishonourable"
weapon. This will have to be logged in TIME records of course.'
Resisting the temptation to turn CAIN off, you prepare for
another time jump. Where will you search for the Rack now:
Earth in the time of the Aztecs, if you have not
done so already?
Turn to 22
Earth in the time of the American Civil War, if
you have not done so already?
Turn to 34
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764
AD if you have not done so already?
Turn to 10
The Eiger Vault, in case the Monitoring Section
has any information for you?
Turn to 205

173
You have missed again, but this time the creature's return shot is deadly accurate. A laser beam lances into your battlesuit environment control unit, destroying it. Your suit can no longer maintain any heat and you freeze to death in seconds, helpless against the deadly cold of the planet Chill.

174
When you are close you switch on the computer graphic delineator. This interprets your microbeam radar and renders it visually. It is almost as good as the real thing. The rack segment is a large translucent white triangle, with a hole in its middle. Three tiny objects are embedded in its corners. The whole thing is about the size of your head. Reaching down you feel about, using the touch sensors on the fingertips of your battlesuit. At last you have it. You transfer it to the iron grip of your mechanical assistor arm, and begin to walk back to Falcon's Wing. Suddenly your radar picks up a large blip on the edge of your face plate display. It is moving directly towards you at great speed. You realise it will reach you before you can get to Falcon's Wing. Suddenly, the computer graphic delineator cuts in and a hideous sight fills your face plate and you step back involuntarily, horrified. Some creature, utterly alien, is almost upon you. It has a long head, completely smooth, the skull lengthened to hang over the back. It has no eyes, the mouth like that of an Earth shark. The head lies on a long and sinuous body, like a huge snake, but with tentacles. It is enormous and will reach you in a few seconds, what will you do? Will you:

Launch one of your rockets at it?
Fire your Particle Disruptor at it?
Try to control it using Power of Will?
Try to frighten it off in some way?
Turn to 183
Turn to 208
Turn to 219
Turn to 228

175
You are rolling to your feet when Achov's bullet slams into your shoulder, spinning you round and Bragg's laser beam burns a hole neatly through your back. The last words you ever hear are, 'Damn it, he was human after all.'

176
You try to catch the arm holding the knife, but you just miss.
You twist aside, but the knife slides across your ribs. Lose 8
Endurance points. If you are still alive, you catch your opponent's
hand as he tries to pull it back and deliver a quick sharp blow to

the bridge of your assailant's nose, and whilst he stiffens in
agony, throw him into the other dustwhaler. They both collapse
into a heap and" you sprint away, losing them amongst the
mounds of crates and equipment piled in the wharf. You return
to Falcon's Wing where you decide to wait until the Winged
Demon has left on another whaling expedition, so you find
another ship. You instruct CAIN to disguise Falcon's Wing as a
pile of whaling equipment to avoid the prying eyes of anyone in
search of the scientist's diving bell. You may lie in your Autodoc
if you wish, and gain- up to 6 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 342.
177
A bolt of superheated plasma burns off the head of your first
target, but you miss the second. Then the two remaining Nobles
open fire at you with their laser pistols and you are forced to
throw yourself aside. They trill a command and five of their
Warrior reserves peel away from their formation and charge at
you with frightening speed. Will you:

Try to cut them down with your blaster? .... Turn to 186
Make a run for it down the left hand tunnel? .Turn to 198

178
Somehow Baal has detected your presence near the Rack
segment. There is a snarl of ferocious rage as he continues his
onslaught on the roof. You dash back towards the portal, as
bricks and mortar cascade into the room. Before you have
reached the doorway, Baal crashes through the roof into the
room and comes to his feet on the floor. His weight sets off a
trap and a volley of javelins fly at him, but they shatter against
his skin as if they were made of sand. He hardly notices them.
Do you have a piece of the Rack with small triangles at each
corner with you, as well as the one you have just picked up? If
you have, turn to 305. If you have not, turn to 320.

179
You hurl a blast of mental energy at the mind behind the coal
black eyes. Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 202
If you score 2-5, turn to 213

180
Your battlesuit begins to short-circuit, giving off a shower of
sparks. The jets cut out and the mechanical joints lock, trapping
you inside. You plummet to the floor of the Vault, but the
battlesuit cushions you from the fall. However, you can do
nothing as Baal walks over to you and tears your head off with
his bare hands, laughing maniacally as he does so.

181
You swerve away and the spiked body sails past you. Baal howls
angrily, scooping up another corpse. Just then a troop of redfurred Warriors charge into the room and straight at Baal, led by
two of the rebel Nobles, still trying to defeat the intruder, Baal.
They use their laser pistols on him as the Warriors launch
themselves into the attack. You make it to the exit and sprint
down it. Baal's bellows of rage fill the cavern. You know it will
only be a matter of minutes before Baal has dealt with the
Cavers and is hot on your trail. Turn to 204.

182
Leaping into the air you roll out of the path of the fireball which
explodes in a blaze of heat and flame. You come to your feet near
the entrance of the building where the other segment of the
Rack lie, the two Jaguar Knights staring at you in fear and
amazement. Will you:
Dash into the building?
Fire at Baal?

Turn to 210
Turn to 222

183
[Score an E]
You activate one of your homing rockets. It surges up out of
your back-rack launcher but its retros do not function at all well
in this dust and your radar tells you it has lodged a few feet away
from you, creeping slowly upward. Turn to 197.
/

184
You roll to your feet, Achov's bullet hums past and ricochets
with a shrill whine. Bragg's laser beam slices past your ear,
heating it uncomfortably. You have your blaster aimed at
McReady and you squeeze the trigger, just as he begins to move.
Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 162
If you score 2-5, turn to 154

185
The Rigellian warrior falls to the ground with a heavy thud.
Slowly you work your way back to Falcon's Wing, struggling
against the gravity. As you sit in your crash-couch your body
feels as light as air, now that you are under the artificial gravity
of your Time Machine. CAIN tells you that you must be in a
Rigellian ritual combat arena. Luckily, you have not changed
Rigellian history significantly. The victor's blackout will be put
down to fatigue. Where will you go now in search of the Rack:
Earth in the time of the Aztecs, if you have not
done so already?
Turn
Earth in the time of the American Civil War, if
you have not done so already?
Turn
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764
AD if you have not done so already?
Turn
The Eiger Vault, in case the Monitoring Section
has any information for you?
Turn

to 22
to 34
to 10
to 52

186
You play your blaster over them and two of them fall but still
they come on. You manage to get another hit, then the last two
are upon you. Moving with a speed no human could ever hope to
match, they cut you, literally, to ribbons.

187
Later on that evening, you step out to reconnoitre the quayside.
It is dark now and the port is dimly lit. You are walking along the
wharf when suddenly you are bathed in a mass of bright lights
and a voice booms at you through a megaphone, 'Okay
Offworlder, lay your energy weapon in front of your feet and lie
down. This is the police!' Narrowing your eyes against the glare,
you can see a number of figures in red robes covering you with
Las-rifles. You realise you have no choice, and you have to
surrender. You are booked for murder and for possessing an
energy weapon. There is nothing you can do to escape your fate
as you are never given an opportunity to use your mental
powers. Justice on Dustbowl is harsh, you are sentenced to be
executed in the Las-chair and the sentence is duly carried out.
You have failed.

188
You take the star-shaped Rack and send it spinning through the

air towards Baal. It leaves a shimmering trail of light behind it as
it arcs down, whining shrilly. Baal's eyes widen in horror and he
screams once more, 'Noooo, not again, please!' Suddenly the
Rack splits into four and each section arrows away to fasten at
Baal's wrists and ankles. He is powerless as the Rack
spreadeagles him, lifting him, cartwheeling around, into the air.
The fly creatures halt in mid-air, hovering, unsure without the
driving will of their master behind them. Each triangle begins to
shimmer and crackle with white light. Then streaks of white
lightning flash from triangle to triangle, enmeshing Baal in
bands of bright energy. Soon he disappears from view,
completely enclosed in a prison of pure elemental energy.
Suddenly the whole thing disappears. The fly creatures flutter
downward, purposeless. At last you have succeeded, you turn
and jet back to Falcon's Wing. You tell CAIN to set co-ordinates
for the Eiger Vault in a tired voice, your mission complete. Turn
to 420.

189
[Score a V]
You concentrate your mind in an attempt to control the mind
behind the coal black eyes. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 224
If you score 2-5, turn to 233

190
You squeeze the trigger and a stream of plasma shoots towards
Baal, but suddenly your blaster cuts out. To your horror you
realise it has been depleted when you used it to burn a hole
through the rock. You will have to do without it until you are in
Falcon's Wing when you can fit another energy pack to your
blaster. The plasma splashes off Baal's chest but he barely
notices it, he hardly even pauses as he hurls the corpse of the
Warrior at you with punishing force. Caught off guard the body
slams into you, sending you crashing to the ground. Luckily
none of its sharp protuberances have cut you, but the impact has
cracked one of your ribs. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, you rise to your feet. If you have the severed hand-blade of
a Caver Warrior in your possession, turn to 163, if not read on.
Baal grabs another body as if it were a rag doll. You dash for the
exit as he hurls it at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 181
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

191
There is a howl of ferocious rage and bricks and mortar tumble
into the room. You dash back to the portal but turn to stare at
the sight that greets you. A huge twenty-foot figure has
smashed its way through the roof. It is a powerfully muscled
man, deep red in colour with slitted reptilian eyes and taloned
fingers. A nimbus of yellow energy plays about its form. His
weight sets off a trap and a volley of javelins fly from the wall,
but they shatter against his skin as if they were made of sand.
He hardly notices them. You recognise Baal. You guess he
comes here to feed off the life forces of the sacrificial victims of
the Aztecs, perhaps even masquerading as one of their gods. He
glares at you balefully, his lips drawn back in a snarl of anger.
You cannot help but tremble in fright, faced as you are with the
primordial evil you can see in his eyes. He raises his arms,
sweeping them across the ceiling, destroying more of the roof,
yellow energy crackling and spitting all about him. Do you have
a piece of the Rack with small triangles at each corner with you,
as well as the one you have just picked up? If you have, turn to
305. If you have not, turn to 320.

192
Mentally exhausted after your recent endeavours, your
strength of will collapses under Baal's awesome attack and you
can do nothing as you are held there, while Darkhome Warriors
cut you to shreds.

193
You pull the trigger and the Particle Disruptor discharges into the belly of the creature. The computer graphics show the hideous beast dissolving into the dust. Heaving a sigh of relief you head back to Falcon's Wing as fast as you can, before your battlesuit gives way under the pressure of tons of dust. Quickly you fire your Particle Disruptor, severing the hausers connected to Falcon's Wing and then get inside it. As far as Captain Cresap Ord is concerned, when he draws up the severed hauser, you will have been killed in an unfortunate accident. Turn to 260.

194
You hurl yourself up the stairs but you can see out of the corner of your eye that the sailor is about to throw his dagger at you. Make an Evasion Roll, as you try to dodge the blade.
If you score 6-12, turn to 217
If you score 2-5, turn to 229

195
You throw yourself aside and draw your blaster. Bragg opens
fire and there is a loud report as Achov fires his projectile
weapon. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 184
If you score 2-5, turn to 175

196
The Rigellian shakes his head, unsure as to what has happened to him. It serves only to increase his puzzled uncertainty. Will you:

Attack him from behind?
Creep round the edge of the glade and into Falcon's Wing from the back?
Turn to 140
Turn to 129

197
Out of the darkness something huge slams into you. You can feel its jaws clamp around your right arm and the battlesuit instruments go haywire. It is actually biting through the suit! Subtract 2 from your armour points. In a few moments your arm will be bitten off, armour and all. Fighting down your panic, you realise your Particle Disruptor must be halfway down its throat. However, the impact may have damaged it. Will you:

Thinkstrike the creature?
Launch a rocket at it?
Try and fire your Particle Disruptor?
Turn to 316
Turn to 327
Turn to 338

198
You run on down the tunnel, the five Warriors close behind. Breathing hard as you stretch yourself to the limits to keep yourself ahead of your hunters, you come to a fork in the tunnel. You can see a small circle of light down the left tunnel, the right tunnel is dark and gloomy, as featureless as the rest of the complex. Will you:

Flee down the left tunnel?
Flee down the right tunnel?
Turn to 269
Turn to 278

199
You are a split second too slow. The yellow fireball explodes against your thigh, engulfing you in flame. You fall to the ground, charred to a cinder.

200
You step out into the Control Room. Suddenly, something sweeps across your legs, knocking you to the ground. Looking around, you see a set of several long human-like arms, charred and burnt, heaving a bloated body out from under the lift. It had been clinging to the bottom of the lift. A crocodile head, jaws snapping, rears up above you, dripping slimy juices. You try to roll aside as the head whips down at you. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 118
If you score 2-4, turn to 130

201
You set co-ordinates for the Eiger Vault and soon you are
moving through null-space. You may rest in your Autodoc
during the journey and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance. Soon
you are in your bay at the Eiger Vault and you ask CAIN to link
up with the Eiger service computer to check for any new
information that may be available. CAIN chimes: There is a
report from the Monitoring section, Falcon. A new timehole has
appeared on the planet Cave, in 432 AD. As routine, an agent
was sent to establish a monitoring device. They sent the new
agent, Kingfisher, thinking it would make a good training run.
Unfortunately, he never came back. The young novice was
killed. Also, the present Queen, or Mother, of Cave has asked
the TIME executive for help. It seems there have been some
disturbances in their past.' Where will you go to:
The planet Cave in the year 432 AD?
Earth in the time of the Aztecs?

Turn to 205
Turn to 22

202
There is a grunt of pain, followed by a muffled thud as the eyes
disappear from view. You got him. Rather than making a lot of

noise by forcing the door, you set your blaster at its lowest
intensity and burn the lock and handle away. You push the door
open. Suddenly, the quiet alley is filled with the harsh, deafening
cry of an electronic alarm. A moment later and you can hear the
sound of many running footsteps. You have no choice but to
flee. You dash down the alleyway as ten or more black robed
figures burst out of the doorway. One of them points at you and
says: 'It is the Time Traveller! Kill him, in the name of Baal!'
Smothering your shocked surprise, you sprint away. Turn to
245.

203
Calling on your reserves of determination and energy, you
throw off Baal's mental attack and contact is broken. He howls
in rage and you have a moment in which to act. Will you:
Fire your blaster at him, maintaining a five
second burst and then run out, towards
Falcon's Wing?
Make a run for it immediately?
Thinkstrike Baal?

Turn to 231
Turn to 243
Turn to 257

204
You race on through the tunnels of Darkhome, retracing your
steps. It is completely deserted, save for the bodies of many
Warriors, mostly red-furred, and the oblivious workers still
toiling away. You are just leaving the area where you saw the
brutal battle between the loyalists and the rebels when you can
hear a rushing of wind and the voice of Baal echoing through the
tunnels behind you: 'I am coming for you, you little animal, and I
shall tear you limb from limb and devour your soul!' Desperately
you push yourself on, until you burst into the Cavern housing
Falcon's Wing. The Burrowers are still digging. You are almost
in your Time Machine when Baal flies into the cave, his bulk
filling the tunnel completely, indeed if he could not have flown
headfirst, he would not have been able to traverse the corridors
of Darkhome at all. He holds a long steel girder in one hand
which he hurls at you like a spear, at the instant he spots you.
You try to dodge the attack, wishing fervently you had some
means with which to combat the super-powerful being. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 259
If you score 2-5, turn to 273

205
A little later Falcon's Wing is journeying through null-space
towards the planet Cave, thousands of years in the past. During
the journey you may rest in your Autodoc and regain up to 12
points of lost Endurance. Rematerialising, you look at the camera
screens. You are in a large underground cavern of dull grey rock.
In places, the rock is lined with seams of some blue mineral. It is
lit by a dim green glow, emanating from patches of a
phosphorescent mossy fungus, growing around the cavern. At
one end you can see a tunnel leading away, at the other you can
see twenty or so humanoid figures, apparently excavating the
rock. They are short and stocky, with two stumpy legs and four
heavily muscled arms. Two of the arms end in massive claws
that they use to tear at the rock. The other two arms end in four
fingered hands, used to carry the rock away. They have huge
eyes, and large ears like that of a bat's. A single nostril lies above
a small, lipless mouth. Yellow fur with black stripes covers them
from head to foot. They are tearing into the rock with incredible
speed and single-mindedness, but seem to you to be unintelligent. You ask CAIN for information. 'Cave in 3033 AD is
outside of the Federation, but it is a highly advanced society.
Cave is rich in seams of blue magnestite, a natural mineral that
acts like magnesium, burning very brightly. It is used by the
Federation in Starship drives. However, at this time, Cave is at a
stage of development akin to Earth's neolithic age. The planet's
barren surface is too hot to bear life and its atmosphere provides
no protection from the sun's rays. However, beneath the
surface it is a maze of tunnels. Each tunnel complex is ruled by a
Mother. The Mother lays eggs in a batch, that hatch into
specialised individual organisms, broadly divided into Workers,
Warriors and Nobles. Those you can see now are Burrowers,
their only function is to build new tunnels. The Nobles are
intelligent humanoids, the rest are only intelligent enough to
follow orders. There is a strict caste system, like an insect hive,
and each batch of eggs usually differ in fur colouring and tend to
form into what would be called in Earth terms, tribes or clans.
However, each batch owes complete loyalty to the Mother.
Different tunnel complexes often make war on each other. The
Cavers use sound and smell as their primary senses. Although
their eyes are extremely sensitive to light, there simply isn't
enough of it to make full use of this sense. We have arrived in
the Darkhome tunnel complex, where the Cave of 3033 AD has
reported timeline changes. My databanks tell me we have

arrived in the middle of a civil war, the only one ever recorded in
Cave history. The atmosphere has oxygen in it, Falcon, but with
high levels of nitrogen. I'm afraid you will have to use your
environment suit, in any case, Cavers do not wear clothing, so
the Molecular Convertor cannot help you. Try not to get
spotted by any Nobles, Falcon, the response to any nonDarkhome intruder is to attack and destroy at this period in
Caver history.' Turn to 18.

206
Make a Thinkstrike Roll as you hurl a bolt of mental energy at
the sailor.
If you score 6-12, turn to 286
If you score 2-5, turn to 297

207
You whip out your blaster and fire, catching Bragg in the leg. He
appears to be human! Before you can do anything else, Bragg
has drilled a neat hole in your chest with his laser pistol. You hit
the floor. The last words you ever hear are: 'Damn it, he was
human after all.'

208
You try to aim your Particle Disruptor, using your radar, as the
graphic is not too reliable in determining the position of
something. It will be difficult. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 10-12, turn to 235
If you score 2-9, turn to 249

209
You throw off your terrified inertia, leaping back as a tentacle
snakes out towards you. Then the creature sprouts four
massive trunk-like legs, raising it off the ground. It folds in on
itself, metamorphosing into a single huge mouth on legs, two
lobster-like eyestalks rising above it. Do you have any
magnesite with you ? If you do, turn to 255. If you do not, turn to
267.

210
You race for the entrance and through the curtained portal, the
two Jaguar Knights backing away from you. You can hear Baal

shouting orders in Aztec to the priests, that your Translator
renders as: 'Kill the heretic!' You find yourself in a maze of
corridors leading through rooms piled with grain, gold,
ornaments and pottery. You are running down a corridor,
towards a richly decorated portal when five or six priests appear
around a corner behind you, wielding obsidian daggers.
Turning, you can see they are without hope and resigned to
death. They think you are a god, but are determined to obey
what they believe is their patron deity, Baal. Will you:
Try to bring them down with a series of
Thinkstrikes?
Cut them down with your blaster?

Turn to 254
Turn to 238

211
You invade the mind of one of the Nobles and wrest control of it.
You force it to turn its laser on another Noble, burning a neat
hole through its chest, but the other sees this and, trilling in
surprise, opens fire and kills the one you are controlling. You
experience the horror of a death by proxy as the mind under
your control slips into oblivion. Recovering, it is an easy matter
to pick off the last confused Noble with your blaster. The rebels
will soon be overwhelmed, especially as their Warrior reserves
will be unable to act without orders from the Nobles. You head
towards the tunnel when your foot nudges something on the
floor. It is a Warrior's severed hand, more like a short sword
than anything else. Picking it up, you put it in one of your suit
pouches. Turn to 128.

212
You are halfway to Falcon's Wing when suddenly everything
goes black. The creature has managed to breach the dome and
Bragg has been killed. Braxton Bragg was your grandfather's
friend and it was he who was responsible for your grandfather
meeting your grandmother. They will never meet now, and
your father will never be born. It is as if you had never existed.

213
There is a grunt of pain and the eyes disappear from view for a
moment. Then they are back, wide with fear and astonishment,
and you can hear a muffled curse and: 'Evil sorcery!' It seems
superstition is rife in Refuge in 2764 AD. Then he is gone. You
are about to force the door when suddenly the quiet alley is filled

with the harsh, deafening cry of an electronic alarm. A moment
later and you can hear the sound of many running footsteps.
You have no choice but to flee. You dash down the alleyway as
ten or more black robed figures burst out of the doorway. One
of them points at you and says: 'It is the Time Traveller! Kill him,
in the name of Baal!' Smothering your shocked surprise, you
sprint away. Turn to 245.

214
You whip out your blaster and fire, catching Caleb in the arm,
but he appears to be human. Before you can do anything else,
Bragg has drilled a neat hole in your chest with his laser pistol.
You hit the floor. The last words you ever hear are: 'Damn it, he
was human after all.'

215
The white-hot lightning takes Baal full in the chest and he
staggers back as you keep up a steady stream of plasma, whilst
you charge for the exit. Baal howls in pain, but then your blaster
stops firing, its safety mechanism cutting in as it heats up
dangerously. If you have the severed hand-blade of a Caver
Warrior, turn to 163, if not read on. Baal, essentially unhurt,
hurls the body of the Warrior at you with punishing force. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 181
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

216
The Rigellian tries to twist aside but a white-hot stream of plasma takes him in the shoulder and he is bowled to the ground. He lies there inert, but still breathing. Soon you are in the crashcouch of Falcon's Wing. Your body feels as light as air now that you are in the artificial gravity of Falcon's Wing. After you have told CAIN what happened, it chimes: 'You must have landed in a Rigellian ritual combat arena. My data banks tell me you have changed Rigellian history slightly, Falcon. The defeated warrior was of the Arocks clan. They have now been disgraced since you were taken to be an Arocks assassin with a new 'dishonourable' weapon. This will have to be logged in TIME records of course.' Resisting the temptation to turn CAIN off, you prepare for another time jump. Where will you search for the Rack now:

Earth in the time of the Aztecs, if you have not done so already?
Earth in the time of the American Civil War, if you have not done so already?
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD, if you have not done so already?
The Eiger Vault, in case the Monitoring Section has any information for you?
Turn to 22
Turn to 34
Turn to 10
Turn to 52

217
You twist aside and the knife whistles past your shoulder, clattering into the steel wall of the cabin. You sprint away up the stairs and out onto the deck. Without stopping you dash for the gangplank, but one of the crew is turning the harpoon gun on you and fires it. Instinctively, you duck. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 354
If you score 2-4, turn to 364

218
You are not fast enough and a bolt of ruby light lances into your
thigh. Lose 6 Endurance points. If you are still alive, Bragg covers you
with his pistol, saying, 'Hold it right there!' Quickly you say that
you heard a strange noise in Achov's room not long ago and
thought he was the creature. 'I was watching a horror holo-vid,
you idiot,' Achov quips.
Then McReady points at you slowly and says: 'Lieutenant
Falcon's the creature. I examined the battlesuit, it's not a scout
issue suit, nor did we find any trace of a starship or any drive
emission. We would have picked it up on the sensors, normally.'
Bragg says speculatively: 'Yes Sil, there was no trace of his
starship. The Lieutenant could be the creature.' Caleb backs
away from you, readying his flamethrower. Achov draws a
short snub pistol, an old bullet-throwing weapon. Sil goes on,
'You turn up from nowhere and all this starts to happen.' His
voice is flat and even.
'What were you doing in the lab anyway?' Caleb says loudly. 'I
think we should lock him up until the relief ship gets here,
Braxton.'

'Yes, maybe we should,' says Bragg and Caleb moves towards
you. Will you:
Try to get another shot in with your blaster? Turn to 232
Make a run for the door?
Turn to 265

219
[Score an E]
Too late, you realise the creature has no mind to control. You
draw back, your mind in horror, as you touch upon its primitive
thoughts, an all-consuming desire to kill and feed, frightening in
its intensity. Turn to 197.

220
Desperately, you try to ward off the power of Baal's Will but he
is too strong for you, even though he is weakened by the Rack.
You cannot fight any longer and Baal wrests control of your
mind from you. Laughing manically, he forces you to walk up to
him. He tears you limb from limb and feeds off your life force
with some kind of Psychic Vampirism. You have failed.

221
You are unable to break out of your terror-stricken apathy. A
tentacle snakes out, lashing around your ankle and tightening,
eating into your flesh. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive,
the agony shocks you into action. Do you have the severed
hand-blade of a Caver Warrior? If you have, turn to 368. If you
have not, turn to 239.

222
You spin and aim your blaster but before you can fire, Baal
launches a psychic attack. An incredibly powerful will invades
your mind, psychic power you never imagined possible and
against which you have no hope of resisting. You can do nothing
as he forces you to mount the pyramid, where your life force is
consumed by Baal.

223
You have missed, firing as you are on the run. The stream of
plasma crackles past your target's thigh. If you have a severed
hand-blade of a Caver Warrior, turn to 163, if not read on. Baal
smiles evilly and hurls the body at you with punishing force.
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 181
If you score 2-5, turn to 171

224
His mind falls under your control. You order him to open the
door and you step inside. In his hand he holds a thin pen black
pencil device. You recognise it as a microbeam key, used to open
doors with locks sensitive to a particular microbeam frequency.
You take it from him. Note it on your Agent Profile. You are in a
small alcove, with a dimly lit corridor leading away from it. You
can hear the sounds of rhythmic chanting coming from down
the corridor. Forcing the door guard to lead you down the
corridor you decide to investigate the chanting. Then, pausing
in the shadows at the end of the corridor, you are greeted by a
strange sight. Forty to fifty people, all in black robes, are
kneeling before some kind of altar upon which is manacled a
young man. Beside him stands a tall hawk-faced figure, also in
black robes. His hands are raised in supplication skyward, the
sleeves of his robe falling to reveal a tattoo on his forearm in the
shape of an insect much like the fly of Earth. He holds an
obsidian dagger in his hand; it seems some strange religious
ceremony is taking place. Then the robed man at the altar,
presumably the high priest, screams, 'Come to us, O Servant of
Baal,' and with one savage motion plunges the obsidian dagger
into the man on the altar and carves out his heart. Then, much
. to your surprise, something begins to materialise in the air
above the altar. Soon it has resolved itself into what can only be
described as a twelve-foot fly, its huge compound eyes glittering
malevolently, its black limbs glistening with mucus and lined
with cilia. Its mouthparts are working violently, oozing a vile
greyish saliva. Everything goes quiet as the fly nestles onto the
altar and begins to feed on the sacrificial victim. It extends a long
proboscis, inserts it into the body of the victim and, with a
disgusting slurping sound, begins to suck up the organic juices.
It seems Baal has been here at some point, converting a group of
the superstitious dustbowlers to his cause. Turn to 258.

225
You whip out your blaster and fire, catching Achov in the arm.
He appears to be human! Before you can do anything else, Bragg
has drilled a neat hole in your chest with his laser pistol. You hit
the floor. The last words you ever hear are: 'Damn it, he was
human after all.'
'

226
You try to wrest control of the Noble's mind but it shows
surprising strength and manages to fight off your attack. As it

turns, suspicious, will you:
Sink back into the shadows and hide?
Make a run for it down the tunnel?

Turn to 234
Turn to 246

227
As you open fire, the Rigellian hurls himself at your feet. A bolt of plasma streams across the glade into a tree on the other side of the clearing, reducing it to charcoal. The Rigellian crashes into you, almost breaking your legs and you are sent through the air to land in a tangled heap. You force yourself to your feet just in time to see the Rigellian's axe flying toward your head. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 236
If you score 2-6, turn to 247

228
What will you try? Will you:

Switch on your battlesuit flashlights and hope to blind it?
Use your suit radio system to broadcast as much noise as possible on all frequencies?
Turn to Use your jetboosters and try to burn it with the exhaust?
Take out an energy rocket, drop it, move back as fast as you can toward Falcon's Wing and then detonate it by radio signal?
Turn to 268
Turn to 279
Turn to 288
Turn to 303

229
You try to twist out of its path, but the long dagger sinks into
your shoulder, throwing you off the stairs. You land on the
floor, back to the wall. Lose 8 Endurance points. The sailor launches
himself at you, teeth bared in a savage snarl. The captain has
drawn his dagger and is close behind him. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 240
If you score 2-6, turn to 252

230
You drop to the floor and the lancing ruby light from Bragg's
pistol flickers out over your head. Then Bragg covers you with

his pistol, saying, 'Hold it right there!' Quickly you say that you
heard a strange noise in Achov's room not long ago and thought
he was the creature. 'I was watching a horror holo-vid, you
idiot/ Achov quips.
Then McReady points at you slowly and says: The Lieutenant's
the creature. I examined his battlesuit, it's not a scout issue suit,
nor did we find any trace of a starship or any drive emission. We
would have picked it up on the sensors, normally.'
Bragg says: 'Yes Sil, there was no trace of his starship. He could
be the creature.' Caleb backs away from you, readying his
flamethrower. Achov draws a short snub pistol, an old bulletthrowing weapon.
Sil goes on, 'You turn up from nowhere and all this starts to
happen.' His voice is flat and even.
'What were you doing in the lab anyway?' Caleb says loudly. 'I
think we should lock him up until the relief ship gets here,
Braxton.'
'Yes, maybe we should,' says Bragg and Caleb moves towards
you. Will you:
Try to get another shot in with your blaster? Turn to 232
Make a run for the door?
Turn to 265

231
You trigger a blast of superheated plasma and at this range,
against such a large target, you cannot miss. He is bathed in a
stream of white-hot plasma, splashing all over him and
spluttering away to shatter the walls of the room. He roars in
pain, and staggers back under the concentrated burst of fire, but
you can tell, incredibly, that it is but temporary pain to him and
that he is taking no serious damage. Your blaster energy reading
is at 50% after the prolonged burst. Realising that you cannot
stand against him (yet), you run as fast as you can for the plaza.
There is a pause and then you can hear Baal smashing his way
through the building in hot pursuit. Turn to 299.

232
Who will you fire at?
Achov?
Caleb?
Bragg?
McReady?
Turn to 225
Turn to 214
Turn to 207
Turn to 195

233
You find yourself unable to control the mind of the door guard,
mainly due to his unusual fear of mental contact. His eyes widen
with fear and astonishment and you hear a muffled curse and
'Evil Sorcery'. Suddenly the quiet alley is filled with the harsh,
deafening cry of an electronic alarm. A moment later and you
can hear the sound of many running footsteps. You have no
choice but to flee. You dash down the alleyway as ten or more
black robed figures burst out of the doorway. One of them
points at you and says: 'It is the Time Traveller! Kill him, in the
name of Baal!' Smothering your shocked surprise, you sprint
away. Turn to 245.

234
You fade back into the shadows of the caverns. The Noble
moves closer and sniffs the air. Suddenly, it trills shrilly and
shouts an order. Five Warriors peel off from the reserve
formation and charge towards your position with frightening
speed. Will you:
Stay where you are and try to gun them down
with your blaster?
Turn to 186
Make a run for the tunnel?
Turn to 101

235
Your Particle Disruptor is able to function in this sea, and it
vaporises the dust in its path. You must have hit it as your
battlesuit sonic sensors are filled with a high pitched screaming
sound and the large blip on your radar begins to veer away. As
fast as you can you get back to Falcon's Wing. Quickly you fire
your Particle Disruptor, severing the hausers connected to
Falcon's Wing and then get inside it. As far as Captain Cresap
Ord is concerned, when he draws up the severed hauser, it will
appear that you have died in an unfortunate accident. Turn to
260.

236
Desperately, you throw yourself aside, muscles twitching with
effort. The axe whistles past your shoulder. The Rigellian,
wielding the twin-bladed sword as if it were a part of his body, is
about to slash at you. Will you:
Use your blaster again?
Turn to 256
Use your Power of Will to try and control the
Rigellian?
Turn to 172

237
You race on through the tunnels of Darkhome, retracing your
steps. It is completely deserted, save for the bodies of many
Warriors mostly red-furred, and the oblivious workers still
toiling away. Soon you are in Falcon's Wing. Turn to 248.

238
You play your blaster across the width of the corridor, cutting down the priests as one. Turning, you sprint on to the portal at the end of the corridor. Looking in you can see a stone altar at the far end of a large room. Upon it lies a translucent white triangle, giving off a faint white light, a part of the Rack. The floor in front of the altar is carved into a chequered grid of nine large stone slabs. Suddenly, there is a crunching sound above you. Looking up you can see the ceiling is being ripped open, and you can hear a snarling howl of ferocious fage - Baal is smashing his way in. You dash out onto the floor, knowing you must try to get the triangle before Baal breaks in. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 2, 3 or 4, turn to 266
If you score 5 or 6, turn to 282

239
You draw your blaster and burn the tentacles in two, but the section around your ankle continues to tighten, melting together. You stagger back, as unendurable agony rips through your body. It begins to absorb your foot, fusing with it and becoming a pulpy mass at the bottom of your leg. Suddenly two more tentacles burst out of it and wrap themselves around your thigh. Then they tear themselves away from the mass of your foot, forming jointed spider-like legs, ending in two barbed stings. The stings whip up and bury themselves into your chest, mercifully killing you instantly.

240
You spin aside and grab the sailor. Using his own momentum, you hurl him into the corner of the cabin. He slams into the wall with bone-shattering force, and slides to the floor motionless. However, the captain is upon you, and he slashes your arm. *Lose 4 Endurance points.* You grunt in agony but the pain galvanises you. You drive your fist into his solar plexus, driving the wind out of him. He doubles up, retching and you sprint up the stairs and out onto the deck, almost into the arms of a huge hairy sailor, lumbering towards the cabin. Wrestling with him is out of the question. Will you:

Use your Power of Will on him?
Cut to the left and dive overboard into the dust near the quayside?
Turn to 264
Turn to 275

241
As you sit in your crash-couch, your Psychic Awareness begins
to register some kind of psionic phenomena within Falcon's
Wing. Turning around you can see that the three pieces of the
Rack are glowing brightly, radiating a white light that you
cannot look directly into. They begin to pulse faster and faster,
emanating waves of psychic energy. Examining these, you are
overjoyed to discover that they are transmitting the location of
the fourth piece of the Rack. You are forced to break contact
hurriedly, however. Being mentally linked to the incomplete
Rack is very uncomfortable, its psychic power is rooted in some
kind of machinery imbued with an unnatural half-life. The
whole feel of the thing is horribly alien. You pause as a wave of
nausea passes over you. Then, excitedly, you set co-ordinates
for the timehole on planet Chill, in 2985 AD, where the fourth
part of the Rack lies. You may lie in your Autodoc during the trip
and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 353.

242
McReady says, 'No, no, it could be some kind of mind attack.'
Caleb says, 'No one else was hurt, Sil. Anyway, I haven't heard
you say "ultra" for the last ten minutes.'
'Yeah, you're right,' says Achov. Together they step back from
McReady, pointing their weapons. 'Let him do the mind probe,
Sil,' says Achov. Turn to 401.

243
Realising you cannot stand against him (yet), you dash away,
running as fast as you can for the Plaza outside. Baal gives a deep
throated rumbling growl, rising to a crescendo of roaring
thunder, raising the hackles on the back of your neck as you flee,
almost in abject terror. He smashes through the portal of the
room behind you, and begins to crash through the building
towards you. You are sprinting for the curtained entrance when
he crashes through a nearby wall and, picking up a large chunk
of rock, hurls it at you as if it were a pebble. Make an Evasion
Roll
If you score 6-12, turn to 61
If you score 2-5, turn to 322

244
You walk on up the corridor, further into the Dome, McReady
commentating as you go. You pass several doors on the left and
right, the crew's cabins. Then he shows you into a brightly lit
room with many precision instruments and worktops. A
primitive Autodoc lies in one corner. Tsu Tsang is working in
there and she nods as you come in. 'This is the lab,' says
McReady. 'A really ultra place. Old Tsu is testing a titanium
sample no doubt. Bet you're sick of the stuff, eh, Tsu?' Tsu
Tsang smiles weakly and works on. Leaving the lab, you are led
on down the corridor. It opens out on the right into a large
floorspace crammed with industrial machinery, and the corridor
continues on beyond it. Then it branches off into three. 'Down
there is where we store the titanium. Pretty non-ultra sight,'
says McReady, pointing to the left-hand corridor. 'Down to the
right are the generators, life support and that. Pretty ultra-less
as well. But straight ahead is the Mine Control, ultra man!' and
he leads you down it. It opens into a large room, lined with
complex instrument banks, computers and so on, making your
console in Falcon's Wing look like a toy. In one corner you can
see a large personal lift, presumably leading down into the mine
itself. Two men are seated at the console boards, running the
automated mining operation. 'Our Minetechs,' says McReady.
'Hey guys, meet our newcomer.' They look around, eyes
widening in surprise. One of them is a Siriun like Yelov, tall and
lithe, with long brown hair and golden cat-like eyes. He carries
himself as if he were thoroughly bored with mining. McReady

introduces him as Kepy Achov. The other is built like a tank,
about seven foot tall, bull-necked and bearded. His name is
Caleb. McReady tells you he is from Proxima Centauri, a high
gravity planet, which accounts for his size. They ask how you
got here and you chat to them for a while, making your story
sound convincing. Half an hour later, you are back in your cabin,
pondering on how you can get hold of the last piece of the Rack
without causing any disturbances in the timelines when you
hear a commotion outside. Turn to 365.

245
You burst into the light of the main street, the followers of Baal
close behind you. People step out of your way, indeed some
store keepers actually close their shops up at the sight of the
black-robed figures. You sprint onward, but your pursuers are
close behind. Will you:
Ask a passerby for help - there must be some
kind of police force on Dustbowl?
Turn to 363
Spin, drop to one knee and use your blaster on
your pursuers?
Turn to 301
Turn and use a series of Thinkstrikes on
them?
Turn to 313
Try to outrun them?
Turn to 324

246
You dash for the tunnel as the Noble turns. Spotting you, it trills
a command and five of the Warrior reserves peel away from the
formation and lope after you with frightening speed. Turn to
198.

247
The heavy gravity is too strong for you and the axe slams into
your shoulder, virtually severing your arm. A gout of blood
spurts into the air and you pass out with shock. You never wake
up. You have failed.

248
You tell CAIN what happened on Cave. It reports that there
have been substantial changes in the history of Cave, caused by
Baal. 'In my opinion,' it goes on, 'Baal intended to rule over
Darkhome and, using advanced technology, extend his control
over the whole planet. From there he could breed a race of
genetically engineered star-warriors and make war on the

whole galaxy. But you have prevented that, Falcon, he will
never win any more support on Cave now. In any case, I would
compute that Baal is seriously worried about the possibility that
the Rack may be re-assembled.' If you have three pieces of the
Rack, turn to 241. If not, you have only one clue left, the
timehole on Dustbowl where Monitoring reported the timeline
disturbance. Turn to 287.

249
Your Particle Disruptor is able to function in the sea. It vaporises
the dust in its path. However, you must have missed it for, to
your horror, it is almost upon you. Turn to 197.

250
Bragg speaks, 'Right, it's it or us. We've got to hunt it down and
kill it, if we just wait it'll come for us in our sleep or individually.'
'I'm all for getting it now!' Caleb says aggressively.
'I agree,' says Bragg. 'Let's go and get the powersuits, Lieutenant
Falcon's battlesuit will be a great asset.' You all leave together,
headed for the air-lock strong room. Unfortunately, you
discover all of the powersuits, including your battlesuit, have
had their central processing units ripped out. Achov rifles
through the emergency spares box, 'Damn, the spares are gone
too!' The suits are useless without their computers to guide
them. You won't be able to leave the Dome until you find, the
suits' computer cartridges.
Bragg says: 'We'll just have to do without them. We'll flush it
out: Achov you take the right corridor. Lieutenant, you take the
centre corridor, but don't descend into the mine itself, that
would be too dangerous if it's there. I'll take the left tunnel. We'll
each take a short range radio on the same frequency. At the first
sign of trouble, pull back to the junction and radio for help.
Caleb can stay at the junction ready to move to anyone's aid.'
Bragg hands out the radios and you are given a flamethrower to
use. 'If we don't find it, then it's in the mine itself. We'll all go
down then and flush it out.' As you all head down the corridor
you nip into your cabin. Quickly you take out the tripod and
search for the Rack. You discover that it has been taken back to
the Cavern at the end of the mineshaft. You will have to go
down there after all despite Bragg's warning. Turn to 412.

251
You manage to dart past the first few oncoming Warriors and
hurtle on towards the tunnel on your left. There is a trilled
command and the Warriors continue after you with murderous
intent. Turn to 198.

252
You try to throw the sailor aside, but he pins you to the wall.
Trapped, you can do nothing as Captain Nathan, howling
triumphantly, plunges his dagger into your throat.

253
'Any creature intelligent enough and with those replication
powers could have arranged that,' says Achov, eyeing you
closely.

Sil goes on, 'You turn up from nowhere and all this starts to
happen.' His voice is flat and even. 'What were you doing in the lab anyway?'

Caleb says loudly, 'I think we should lock him up until the relief ship gets here, Braxton.'

'Yes, maybe we should,' says Bragg and Caleb moves towards
you. Will you:

Draw your blaster and open fire?
Make a run for the door?
Turn to 232
Turn to 265

254
You hurl several blasts of mental energy, dropping three of
them, but the others come on. Suddenly, there is a crash of
splintered stone and Baal comes smashing through the portal
behind you, shattering rock and brick with great sweeping
blows. As the priests slam into you, Baal stretches both arms out towards you and twin balls of energy leap from his hands,
enveloping you and the priests in an inferno of flame. Death is
almost instantaneous.

255
Thinking quickly, you take the magnesite and hurl it into the
gaping maw. Then you use the flamethrower. There is a roar
and the magnesite catches, crackling with bright blue light.
There is a horrible screaming and the thing explodes into a sheet
of flame. You watch as it burns, thrashing madly and giving off a
sickly charred stench. You stagger to the lift, momentarily
exhausted, heaving a sigh of relief. Turn to 388.

256
You are unable to move as quickly as you would normally under
this gravity. Before you can fire the Rigellian hurls a viciously
barbed sphere from his belt. You are unable to throw yourself
aside and it slams into your shoulder with superhuman force,
knocking you to the ground. Desperately, you struggle to your
feet but he is upon you. In a flash he has struck your head from
your shoulders. You have failed.

257
You hurl a blast of mental energy but, weakened though his
mental powers may be, it does not effect him and he laughs, a
deep shuddering sound that fills you with horror. He steps
forward, saying, 'You pathetic mortal, I will swat you like the
insect you are,' his voice filling your head, deep and melodious.
You realise that you cannot stand against him, yet. Seeing his
intention, you try to dodge the great scything sweep of his
hammer-like fist. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 336
If you score 2-6, turn to 349


258
After the hideous monstrosity has slaked its hunger it turns to
the congregation and, incredibly, speaks/the sound disturbingly
unnatural, human words not meant for an alien throat: 'The
words of Baal are these. Go forth and slay the Time Traveller,
for he would destroy you!' This fly being must be an ally of
Baal's, in fact your knowledge of ancient Earth history tells you
that thousands of years ago a demon known as Baal, Lord of the
Flies, was worshipped on Earth. Presumably the altar is some
kind of Variac Drive and inter-temporal communication device.
Then the fly being appears to stiffen. Its head swivels towards
you and your Psychic Awareness tells you that you are being
probed mentally. Will you:

Draw your blaster and try to kill the fly being and destroy the altar before making a run for it?
Make a dash for Falcon's Wing immediately?
Turn to 270
Turn to 280

259
You twist away from the hurtling bludgeon and ascend into
Falcon's Wing, screaming at CAIN to engage the Variac Drive as
you do so. Moments later you are safe in null-space. You never
believed you would ever welcome the grey nothingness that fills
the camera screens as you do now. You have learnt much about
the art of avoiding damage in your near fatal brushes with Baal.
Add 1 to your Evasion Modifier. Turn to 248.

260
In the safety of Falcon's Wing, you clamber out of the battlesuit.
Note that you have the piece of the Rack with the triangles in its
corners. If you now have three pieces of the Rack, turn to 241. If
not, where will you go now:
The Eiger Vault, to see if there is any new
information for you?
Turn to 201
Earth at the time of the Aztecs, if you have not
been there already?
Turn to 22

261
As you leap up and break into a sprint one of the Warriors leaps
forward and manages to catch your shoulder with its razor
sharp hand-blade. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, your
plasnet suit begins to knit together as you hurtle on towards the
tunnel. There is a trilled command and the Warriors continue
after you with murderous intent. Turn to 198.

262
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 3, 5 or 6, turn to 415
If you score 2 or 4, turn to 281

263
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie in your Autodoc and *regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the journey.* You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME maintenance team is replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger service computer to check for any news. CAIN reports that nothing new has occurred during your visit to Rigel Prime. You will have to continue your search. Which timehole will you travel to:

The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD?
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of the Aztecs?
North America, Earth, 1863 AD, the time of the American Civil War?
Turn to 10
Turn to 22
Turn to 34

264
As the burly sailor approaches you attempt to seize control of his mind. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 329
If you score 2-4, turn to 153

265
You leap for the door, but a lance of ruby light from Bragg's pistol burns into your chest and a pellet of lead from Achov's gun thuds into your stomach. You hit the floor, hard. The last words you ever hear are: 'Damn, it looks like he was human after all!'

266
As you run for the altar, you can feel one of the slabs shifting under foot. There is a click and a volley of small javelins fly out of small niches in the wall. One of them slams into your left arm. Lose 8 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you ignore the pain and race on. Turn to 293.

267
You point your flamethrower and squeeze its trigger, trying to bathe it in flame. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 403
If you score 2-5, turn to 380

268
With a thrill of horror you realise too late that it has no means of detecting light. In fact your flashlights are completely dampened by the dust. Turn to 197.

269
You race on, but the Warriors are gaining on you. It is growing
warmer down this tunnel and the light ahead is growing
brighter. Soon your suit coolant begins to circulate as the heat
rises dramatically. Your pursuers are slowing, they are not
accustomed to such heat, but they are doggedly following.
Suddenly you burst out into a dim white light, which seems
painfully bright after the gloomy green-tinged blackness of
Darkhome. You have emerged into a large natural cavern, silent
and undisturbed for centuries judging by the dust. Looking up
you see the roof of the cavern, far above. It is cracked and open
to the sky in places. Shafts of bright white light trickle down into
the blackness below, where it loses its intensity. Particles of dust
drift slowly in the light like planets in the vastness of space. Your
suit registers high levels of harmful radiation and you move on
towards another tunnel that leads out of the cavern. The five
Warriors burst in. Immediately, they cover their eyes, obviously
in great pain from the light, not only on their eyes, but burning
their skin too. Desperately they try to locate the tunnel you are
running into, but they cannot. As they blunder about, you rush
on. Having been given their orders they will try to follow your
path until they are dead. Soon the tunnel rejoins another and
you press onward leaving the Warriors far behind. Turn to 290.

270
The fly being realises who you are and lets out a burbling shriek,
and rises into the air, wings humming. The high priest turns to
you points and says: There is the Time Traveller in our very
midst, slay him!' Your arm is a blur as your blaster appears in
your hand. You fire, playing the white-hot beam of your plasma
pistol over the fly beast and the altar. It shrivels up like paper and
the altar explodes, revealing masses of twisted instrumentation.
At this, the worshippers go into a frenzy of hatred. You cut
down several but they seem to be fearless and you are soon
overwhelmed and ripped limb from limb by the fanatical
worshippers of Baal.

271
The fireball erupts in the doorway, engulfing your legs
momentarily as you roll away. You are badly singed. Lose 6
Endurance points. If you are still alive, you have a moment to react
as Baal screams in frustration, seeing you still alive. Will you:
Fire your blaster at him, maintaining a five
second burst and then run out, towards
Falcon's Wing?
Make a run for it immediately?
Thinkstrike Baal?

Turn to 231
Turn to 243
Turn to 257

272
McReady points at you slowly and speaks: 'Lieutenant Falcon is
the creature, the creature is psionic. There's no telling what
powers it has. I examined the battlesuit, it's not a scout issue
suit, nor did we find any trace of a starship or any drive
emission. We would have picked it up on the sensors, normally.'
Bragg points his laser pistol at you, his eyes hard flints, 'Yes, Sil,
there was no trace of a starship. He could be the creature.' Caleb
backs away from you, readying his flamethrower. Achov draws
a short snub pistol, an old bullet-throwing weapon. You will
have to do some fast talking. What will you do:
Say, 'No, no, I'm a human psionic, nothing
more. You know they exist. I can help you
find out who is really the creature - let me
mind-probe Sil McReady'?
Turn to 242
Say, 'Okay, if I'm the alien, what the hell was
it doing trying to kill me in the lab'?
Turn to 253
Make a run for the door, perhaps you can find
the Rack segment and get away?
Turn to 265

273
You twist away from the hurtling bludgeon but it catches you a
glancing blow on your forearm. However, such is the force
behind it, that it breaks your arm. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are
still alive, you grimace in agony as you are drawn up into
Falcon's Wing, screaming at CAIN to engage the Variac Drive as
you do so. Moments later you are safe in null-space. You never
believed you would ever welcome the grey nothingness that fills

the camera screens as you do now. You have learnt much about
the art of avoiding damage in your near fatal brushes with Baal.
Add 1 to your Evasion Modifier. Turn to 248.

274
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon
surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie
in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the
journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME
maintenance team is replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of
polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger
service computer to check for any news. CAIN chimes:
'Incoming holo-message, Falcon.'
Agent Bloodhound's face seems to come alive inside Falcon's
Wing. He nods a greeting at you, 'On line, Falcon. How's the
mission going? A tough one this, eh? Anyway, I have an
important message for you. We've picked up some strange
disturbances in the timelines of the timehole on Dustbowl. I've
just returned from a routine check there. Something appeared
and then left the Dustbowl timehole within a space of about one
hour. It caused a disturbance in the Winds of Time that is
completely unlike anything previously recorded and was of
great power. Monitoring is sure it was not a Variac Drive
emission. It could be Baal. That's all for now, Falcon. Good luck.
I'll hope to see you soon in the Rec Centre.'
'Thanks Blood,' you reply. You must continue your search.
Where will you go to next:
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764
AD (even if you have been there once
already)?
Turn to 287
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of
the Aztecs, if you have not been there
already?
Turn to 22
North America, Earth, 1863 AD, the time of
the American Civil War, if you have not been
there already?
Turn to 34

275
You dart past the outstretched arms of the large sailor and
launch yourself through the air. The dust is so fine, you sink

into it like a stone. You come to a stop, your breath held. You
cannot see anything at all, opening your eyes would be useless
anyway, even if you could. You realise 'you are not rising to the
surface and that you will have to try to swim upwards, but you
have no sense of direction in this morass of dust. Make a Chance
Roll.
If you score 1, 3 or 5, turn to 308
I you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 318

276
A rocket surges up from your back-rack, slams into the fly
creature, and explodes ripping it into tiny glutinous bits. You jet
onward. The corridor stretches ahead for what seems like an
eternity. Then you can see a darker patch at its end. You shoot
out, to find yourself flying near the ceiling of an enormous
pillared vault. All around you at ceiling level is a circle of dark
niches, their contents indeterminable. There is an echoing roar
of rage and you look down. There, seated on an enormous
throne, cut from a single gigantic diamond over thirty feet in
size, is the powerfully muscled form of Baal. 'Curse you, mortal,
will you plague me for ever!' he screams. Then he notices that
you are holding the Rack. It is throbbing with an incredibly
bright light, so that it is painful to look on. For the first time, you
see fear on Baal's face. 'No!' he screams. He tries to hurl a yellow
fireball and he tries to exert his mental power, but he cannot do
either. Then he tries to fly up to you but he cannot even do that.
His face contorts with effort as he tries to travel in time but to
no avail. The Rack is preventing all his powers from working.
Quickly he bellows, 'Kill him!' From either side of you giant
flying creatures burst out of the small niches, filling the air with
a deafening humming. You recognise the fly-like creatures,
similar to the one you fought on Dustbowl. Will you:
Fire your Particle Disruptor at Baal?
Throw the Rack at Baal?
Try to fight off the fly-like creatures?

Turn to 159
Turn to 188
Turn to 139

277
Drawing upon your innermost resources of mental power you
manage to throw off Baal's psychic assault. Then the cavern is
filled with a low growl of frustration and rage and the mass of
flesh the rebels call the Baal-Mother screams at the Nobles.

They trill shrilly and twenty or so of the Warriors begin to
charge at you from the other side of the cavern in a column
What will you do:
Launch an assault on Baal yourself, using
Power of Will?
Turn to 291
Fire a concentrated blast from your plasma
pistol at the Baal-Mother?
Turn to 298
Use your Power of Will to try and control two
of the Nobles, get them to order the
Warriors off you and use their laser pistols
on the Mother?
Turn to 306

278
You plummet down the glowing tunnel, illuminated by the
green phosphorescence of the moss. The Warriors are gaining
on you as you burst out into another Darkhome farm. You are
following a path cutting through the middle of two lines of vats
fungus fields stretching away to either side. Some twenty
metres ahead is the yawning black hole of the exit. Thick blue
seams of some mineral line the walls above it. Some of the blue
mineral has fallen in a small pile of crumbled rock near the
entrance. Gasping for breath, the Warriors almost upon you,
you realise you won't make it. You'll have to turn and fight. Will
you:
Use your blaster on your pursuers?
Try to use your Power of Will to control two
them?
Fire your blaster at the pile of bluish mineral
at the exit?

Turn to 310
of
Turn to 300
Turn to 317

279
You turn your suit volume up to maximum and send out a
barrage of radio noise, hoping to 'jam' the creature's sonar. To
your relief it works and you can see the blip on your radar going
round in circles until it veers off in another direction. Still
maintaining your radio barrage, you get back to Falcon's Wing.
Quickly you fire your Particle Disruptor, severing the hausers
connected to Falcon's Wing and then get inside it. As far as
Captain Cresap Ord is concerned, when he draws up the
severed hauser, it will seem that you died in an unfortunate
accident. Turn to 260.

280
As you run back to the doorway you can hear a burbling shriek
as the fly being realises who you are. You hurl yourself through
the door into the silence of the night outside. You are forced to
release the guard under your control, but he does manage to
block the corridor for a brief moment. Suddenly, the quiet alley
is filled with the harsh, deafening cry of an electronic alarm. A
moment later and you can hear the sound of many running
footsteps; You have no choice but to flee. You dash down the
alleyway as ten or more black robed figures burst out of the
doorway. One of them points at you and says: 'It is the Time
Traveller! Kill him, in the name of Baal!' You sprint away. Turn
to 245.

281
As you fly, your environment control unit begins to fluctuate
wildly and you are subjected to brief moments of biting cold.
You are badly frostbitten. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, you make it back to the warmth of Falcon's Wing. Turn to
100.

282
As you run for the altar, you can feel one of the slabs shifting
underfoot. There is a click and a volley of small javelins fly out of
small niches in the wall. You throw yourself to the floor and
somersault to your feet, and they whistle past you. Turn to 293.

283
You return to Falcon's Wing where you spend your time
checking your battlesuit while waiting. Have you ever been in
the Dustbowl's only city, Refuge? If you have, turn to 342, if
you have not, turn to 407.

284
The fireball erupts in the doorway, filling it with yellow flame,
but you roll safely away. You have a moment to react as Baal
screams in frustration, seeing you still alive. Will you:

Fire, your blaster at him, maintaining a five second burst and then run out, towards Falcon's Wing?
Make a run for it immediately?
Thinkstrike Baal?
Turn to 231
Turn to 243
Turn to 257

285
You have almost reached Falcon's Wing when some black-robed
priests charge at you from a nearby alleyway, a fanatical gleam
in their eyes, screaming, 'Death to the enemies of Huitzilopochtli!' However, they stop in disbelief when you disappear
into the hologram; it looks to them as if you have passed
through the wall of a house. Hurriedly, you set course for the
Eiger Vault. Then the cameras reveal Baal, recovered, hurtling
directly at you and your screens are filled with yellow flame as
he unleashes a fireball engulfing Falcon's Wing. You scream at
CAIN to engage the Variac Drive and, moments later, you
disappear from the city of Tenochtitlan. Safe in the grey
nothingness of null-space, you heave a sigh of relief, calming
your shattered nerves. Soon you are floating on the Winds of
Time headed for the Eiger Vault. You ask CAIN what has
happened in the timelines, knowing that the first law of TIME
has been broken on Tenochtitlan to an unprecedented degree. It
replies that the society was almost completely wiped out by the
Spaniards in a few more decades, thus cancelling any serious
time change. You may lie in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points
of lost Endurance on this journey. Have you been given any
information about the Planet Cave? If you have, turn to 86. If
you have not turn to 76.

286
The sailor grunts and falls senseless to the floor. Captain
Nathan stands astonished at this, unmoving. You take the
chance to sprint up the stairs and out onto the deck, almost into
the arms of a huge hairy sailor, lumbering towards the cabin.
Wrestling with him is out of the question. Will you:
Use your Power of Will on him?
Turn to 264
Cut to the left and dive overboard into the dust
near the quayside?
Turn to 275

287
You set co-ordinates for Dustbowl, 2764 AD, and soon you are
questing through null-space with your thoughts. You may lie in
the Autodoc during the journey and regain up to 12 points of lost
Endurance. It is not long before Falcon's Wing has materialised.
Have you visited Dustbowl before? If you have, turn to 7. If you
have not turn to 16.

288
[Score an E]
You switch on your jetboosters but nothing happens. You
realise that they cannot ignite properly in all this dust. Turn to
197.

289
You try to twist aside but the stream of liquid splatters against
your leg briefly. It smokes and bubbles, burning through your
suit and eating into your calf. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, Braxton Bragg fires his laser pistol but the creature,
lowering its head, smashes through the door and is away.
Hurriedly you begin washing the acidic liquid off your leg, as
Bragg and Achov stand momentarily stunned at what has
happened. Bragg looks at you and says: 'Good work, Lieutenant.
What made you think it was him?'
'He didn't say "ultra" once in ten minutes,' you reply.
Bragg nods. 'Poor McReady, it must have got to him in the radio
room. If only I hadn't sent him there alone,' he says, ashenfaced. Turn to 250.

290
As you continue on, the twisting corridors carry an echo of
trilling Noble voices and a much deeper resonant booming trill.
Eventually, you come to the end of the tunnel without
encountering anything. Hanging back in the shadows of the
corridor you are able to survey the scene unseen. It is a large
cavern, obviously the centre of the rebel territory. Over a
hundred Warriors are standing in a tight block in the centre of
the chamber. Burrowers and other Worker types are busying
themselves with various tasks, digging, feeding the Warriors
and so on. Several Nobles are conferring with the strangest
sight of all in the far corner of the cavern. It is a huge pale
bulbous mass of blubbery flesh. A small head rests atop the
mass. This must be what a Caver Queen looks like. One of the
Nobles is speaking: The offensive is going well, Baal-Mother.
These devices you have given us,' pointing to a laser pistol, 'will
assure our victory. But we are worried, you have not yet laid a
Batch, is there something wrong, Mother? We are in need of
replacements.'
The huge mass speaks, with the deep resonant sound you heard

earlier: 'All in good time, Batch 16-A4-13. All in good time. Just
ensure my place as rightful Mother of Darkhome.' Your
attention wanders from this conversation when you notice a
stack of advanced machinery next to the bloated mass,
something that should not be here at this time. You also notice,
almost directly opposite you, a huge door, about eighteen feet in
height. It is of a shiny metal, and surrounded by domed lights
glowing dully. It is jarringly out of place in a culture that has not
yet discovered the wheel. As you look at the door you begin to
pick up some kind of psionic static from it. After a few minutes'
concentration, you are able to tell that the piece of the Rack you
are looking for lies behind the door! Do you have a piece of the
Rack with small circles at each of its three corners with you? If
you do, turn to 391. If you do not, turn to 385.

291
You reach out with your mind and try to dominate the will of
the Cosmic being known as Baal. But all you do is provoke Baal
to contemptuous laughter as he sweeps aside your mental
attack with ease. His ego is too powerful. However, your
attention is drawn to the oncoming Warriors. All you can do is
try to gain some time by using your blaster on them, as they are
almost upon you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 315
If you score 2-5, turn to 323

292
Make an Attack Roll as you fire your Particle Disruptor.
If you score 6-12, turn to 71
If you score 2-5, turn to 83

293
You snatch up the glowing triangle, which has a small dark circle
embedded in each of its corners. Note it on your Agent Profile
and the fact that it has small circles embedded in it. You dash
back towards the portal, as bricks and mortar cascade into the
room. Before you have reached the doorway, Baal crashes
through the roof into the room and comes to his feet on the
floor. His weight sets off a trap and a volley of javelins fly at him,
but they shatter against his skin as if they were made of sand.
He hardly notices them. Do you have a piece of the Rack with
small triangles at each corner with you, as well as the one you
have just picked up? If you have, turn to 305. If you have not,
turn to 320.

294
[Score an S]
You send a mental probe at Braxton Bragg. His thought
patterns are human, he is not the creature. He stares at you, his
eyes narrowing. Then comprehension dawns on his face and he
nods imperceptibly at you, he realises you are a psionic and
wants you to continue. Who will you test now:

Achov?
McReady?
Caleb?
Turn to 321
Turn to 312
Turn to 304

295
Have you spoken to Agent Bloodhound on this mission? If you
have, turn to 307. If you have not, turn to 274.

296
You have no other way of getting in other than destroying the
door. You lift your Particle Disruptor and open fire. The door
virtually disappears, a sheen of atomized metals puff outward as
the air inside rushes out. You jet in, just as an emergency
bulkhead shuts behind you, sealing the air in. Your battlesuit
analyses the air, it will bear human life, but not for long as it
contains toxic substances. You find yourself in a well lit corridor
of polished steel. Thirty foot square curving away round a
corner. You jet around the corner to be greeted by a strange
sight. What can only be described as a twelve foot fly is hurtling
towards you up the corridor. You recognise it as it is almost
identical to the one that attacked you on Dustbowl. It is heading
straight for you and it speaks, a horrible bubbling sound, human
words not meant for an alien throat: 'You must die, Intruder!'

Will you:
Thinkstrike it?
Launch a rocket at it?
Turn to 398
Turn to 276

297
The sailor grunts in pain but comes on, unaffected and leaps at
you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 240
If you score 2-6, turn to 252

298
You can hardly miss such a large target. You pour a sustained
blast of superheated plasma into the pale creature and it roars in
pain. Then the blubbery mass of the Mother begins to dissolve
before your very eyes, seemingly metamorphosing. Seconds
later, Baal stands in the Mother's place, bellowing in anger. With
a flash of insight, you realise he has been posing as a Cave .
Mother using his hallucinatory mind-powers, but your
concentrated blast of plasma, whilst it has not harmed him
seriously, has prevented him from maintaining the illusion. At
this, the Nobles order the Warriors to halt and begin trilling
agitatedly amongst themselves. They know they have been
tricked into rebelling against their rightful Mother and they see
Baal as an intruder now. Taking this opportunity, you sprint for
the door. However, Baal, furious, screams, 'You have meddled
in my plans too often, mortal. Your puny little organisation can
never hope to defeat me, Baal, the Lord of Flies!' and the sound
echoes around the chamber so that you can almost feel the floor
reverberating. Then he points at you, and a yellow bolt of
energy forks from his finger, crackling through the air toward
you. You must try to dodge the attack. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 418
If you score 2-5, turn to 24

299
You burst out into the plaza, it is completely deserted. It appears
the crowds have fled in the face of what has happened. All that
remain are a few black-robed priests of Huitzilopochtli, whom
they believe Baal to be. You sprint across the plaza. Glancing
behind, you can see Baal e r u p t i n g from the building, leaving it a
mass of broken masonry. He soars into the air and speeds after
you. You are shocked to see that he has some means of natural
flight without wings, at his disposal, perhaps some form of
telekenisis, or mind over matter. He is gaining on you. Will you:
Turn, kneel and fire your blaster at him?
Turn to 75
Run on, hoping to reach Falcon's Wing before
he does?
Turn to 372
300
You manage to take control of two of their minds with relative
ease and you force them to attack their fellows. Instantly

carnage ensues. Your two Warriors are cut to shreds, but not
before they have claimed the life of one other warrior. The last
two rush at you. You must try to avoid their first attack so you
can get a shot in with your blaster again. Make an Evasion Roll
as they slash at you with their natural arsenal of weaponry.
If you score 6-12, turn to 326
If you score 2-5, turn to 332

301
Knowing you will change the past, you spin, drop to one knee
and bring your blaster up at your pursuers in one fluid motion.
You can see their eyes widen in fear at this but you squeeze the
trigger. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 378
If you score 2-6, turn to 389

302
You step out into the Control Room. Caleb is waiting for you
there and he smiles a greeting. Then his eyes widen in surprise.
Suddenly, something sweeps across your legs, knocking you to
the ground. Looking around, you see a set of several long
human like arms, charred and burnt, heaving a bloated body out
from under the lift. It had been clinging to the bottom of the lift.
A crocodile head, jaws snapping, rears up above you, dripping
slimy juices. Caleb rushes in and sprays it with flame, giving you
time to scramble away. But then another spear of sharpened
bone lashes out from the creature, even as it burns. Caleb is too
slow to avoid it and it buries itself in his head, killing him
instantly. The bony spear detaches itself from the flaming mass
and begins to disappear into Caleb's body, transforming it.
Quickly you use your flamethrower. You burn it thoroughly,
making sure there is nothing left but charcoal. Then you use
your blaster to reduce the lift to molten metal, sealing anything
that may be left of the creature in the mine. Saddened by the
death of Caleb, who saved your life, you leave the Control
Room. Turn to 147.

303
[Score an E]
As fast as you can you lay a rocket at your feet and back off.
When the large blip on your radar display is over the tiny blip of
your rocket, you send out the detonation signal. There is no

effect, and the creature keeps coming. Either it was completely
unhurt, or, more likely, the weight of the dust contained the
explosion. Perhaps it did not even go off. It is almost upon you
now, turn to 197.

304
You reach out to Caleb's mind. You find his thought patterns
are human, he is not the creature. He grunts and says, staring at
you. 'What the hell are you doing to my mind? What are you?'
The rest turn to you, staring. Turn to 272.

305
You can feel that parts of the Rack are growing hot. Examining
them, you can see they are pulsing with white light, reacting to
the presence of Baal. Then you can feel an incredibly powerful
malevolent will, the mind of Baal, invading your mind. You
cannot stand against such force you realise. Baal smiles evilly.
But then the Rack segments begin to pulse faster and the power
of Baal's will lessens. His smile fades and he struggles to seize
your mind. His attack continues to fade, until you see him
struggling to use his mind powers, his face contorted with rage.
He bellows, 'So, you have half of the Rack! But now I will end
your petty existence, mortal.' His voice reverberates around the
room, almost deafening you. You realise that the two parts of
the Rack, acting together, are preventing him from using his
psychic power! He screams in rage, then he points at you and a
crackling ball of yellow energy explodes from his hand and
burns towards you. Thunderstruck by such natural power, you
hurl yourself out of the door in an attempt to avoid the fireball.
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 271
If you score 2-5, turn to 284

306
Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 331
If you score 2-6, turn to 339

307
You set co-ordinates for Earth in 3033 AD and you are soon
surrounded by the grey nothingness of null-space. You may lie

in your Autodoc and regain up to 12 points of lost Endurance during the
journey. You rematerialise in the Eiger Vault and whilst a TIME
maintenance team is replenishing Falcon's Wing's supply of
polybdenum, you instruct CAIN to link up with the Eiger
service computer to check for any news. CAIN reports that
nothing new has occurred during your visit to Rigel Prime. You
will have to continue your search. Which timehole will you
travel to:
The colony planet, Dustbowl, where
Bloodhound discovered the timehole
disturbance, in 2764 AD, even if you have
been to Dustbowl once already?
Turn to 287
South America, Earth, 1409 AD, the time of
the Aztecs, if you have not been there
already?
Turn to 22
North America, Earth, 1863 AD, the time of
the American Civil War, if you have not been
there already?
Turn to 34

308
You swim powerfully, but you can hold your breath no longer.
You realise you were swimming down, before panic takes you.
In a few seconds your lungs are filled. You have drowned in a sea
of dust.

309
You twist aside and the stinking spray of liquid splashes into the
wall behind you, where it streams and bubbles, eating into the
wall. You turn and fire again, but the creature, putting its head
down, smashes through the door and is away. Caleb and Achov
stand, stunned. Bragg looks at you and says: 'Good work,
Lieutenant. What made you think it Was him?'
'He didn't say 'ultra' once in ten minutes,' you reply.
Bragg nods. 'Poor McReady, it must have got him in the radio
room. I should never have sent him there alone.' Turn to 250.

310
You stop, panting heavily, and spin, drawing your blaster, the
superheated plasma claiming three of them before the last two
are upon you. You must try to avoid their first attack so you can

get a shot in with your blaster again. Make an Evasion Roll as
they slash at you with their natural arsenal of weaponry.
If you score 6-12, turn to 326
If you score 2-5, turn to 332

311
The two Jaguar Knights stagger back and fall to the ground
under the effect of your Thinkstrikes. Their minds were
elsewhere, on the spectacle on the pyramid. No one notices their
fate and you dash through the curtained doorway into a
bewildering mass of corridors and large storerooms containing
stocks of maize, sculpted gold and so on. Eventually you come to
a wide corridor, lined with friezes, depicting scenes of Aztec
mythology. At its end is a richly decorated portal leading into a
large room. When you are nearer, you can see a large altar at the
end of the room. Upon it lies a translucent white triangle, small
circles embedded in each corner, giving off a bright white
radiance. It is a segment of the Rack. In between you and the
altar, the floor is a checkerboard of nine, six-foot-square stone
slabs, laid out in a square. Directly ahead of you lies the first
three.Will you:
Step out onto the left hand slab?
The middle slab?
The right hand slab?

Turn to 330
Turn to 340
Turn to 352

312
You reach out for McReady's mind, but you cannot find
anything you would normally consider a mind. His thought
patterns are alien and strange, driven by simple principles,
survival, multiplying, growing, eating. With horror you draw
back as you realise the creature knows you have probed it. 'It's
McReady!' you shout. Turn to 401.

313
You turn and set a mental fix on the leading pursuer. You
unleash a blast of mental energy and your target goes down like
a sack of potatoes. Concentrating hard you repeat the process
several times. Your pursuers come to a halt, almost as one.
Some lie unconscious, others are holding their heads. Passerbys
stare in horror and then hurry on. You can hear your pursuers
muttering amongst themselves about 'sorcery' and 'magic'.

They are a superstitious group and they seem disinclined to
chase you after your display of power. Indeed some of them,
unsure as to whether their prone comrades are still alive, are
beginning to scuttle away. Seizing your chance, you run
onwards and they are soon lost to sight. Moments later you are
back in the warehouse containing Falcon's Wing, running to the
crates marked 'Eiger Corporation'. Have you seen a man with a
tattoo on his forearm here on Dustbowl? If you have, turn to
350. If you have not, turn to 399.

314
You step out onto the wooded surface of Benner's Hill. The
trees are obscuring your vision now, but you can hear the sound
of men taking up a position south-west of you. Nearby are the
crumpled bodies of several men in blue uniforms, Unionists.
Quickly you set up the Rack detector and the gem begins to
glow. Sifting through its psychic emanations you can find no
trace of the Rack or any parts of it. Disappointed, you are
packing it up when your Psychic Awareness registers the
presence of someone with advanced mental powers on the
north face of Benner's Hill. Will you:
Investigate this psionic presence?
Leave for another timehole immediately?

Turn to 325
Turn to 333

315
You play your blaster in a sweeping arc across the front of the
charging column. The first rank are cut down like ripe corn.
Those behind crash into the tangled mass of bodies and are
thrown into confusion. You have a few seconds' respite. Will
you:
Make a Power of Will assault on the
Baal-Mother?
Fire a sustained burst of plasma at the
Baal-Mother?
Try to control two of the Nobles?

Turn to 346
Turn to 298
Turn to 306

316
You hurl a blast of mental energy but it has no effect, it either
doesn't have enough of a mind to be affected or is immune to
Psychic Attack. Its jaw rips through your battlesuit, and takes
your arm off, your suit collapses under the pressure of the dust

and you are crushed to death before you can suffer the horror of
being eaten alive.

317
Hoping the mineral is magnesite, you unleash a blast of superhot plasma onto the pile of rocks. The reaction is instantaneous.
The rock explodes, crumbling in the heat and producing an
unbearable incandescent flare of bright blue light. Your face
plate flash damper protects your eyes, but the Warriors are
blinded instantly. It is an easy task to finish them with your
blaster. They try to find you using their sense of smell, but you
are able to make your escape. You may take some magnesite
with you, if you wish. You leave the farm and press on down the
tunnel ahead. Turn to 290.

318
You swim powerfully for what you hope is the surface. Then
your head breaks through the dust, into the air. Clinging to a
nearby iron stanchion that supports the quayside you clear the
dust from your face. Hiding behind the iron pillars, you make
your way down the side of the quay, struggling through the
dust, your filter mask working overtime. When you are out of
sight of the Winged Demon, you climb up one of the stanchions
to the harbourside and make your way to Falcon's Wing where
you decide to wait until the Winged Demon has left on another
whaling expedition, so you can find another ship. You instruct
CAIN to disguise Falcon's Wing as a pile of whaling equipment
to avoid the prying eyes of anyone in search of the scientist's
diving bell. You may lie in you Autodoc if you wish, and gain up to
6 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 342.

319
Your Thinkstrike has no effect at all It has 'nothing you can
recognise as a mind. Desperately, you lift your flamethrower
and pull the trigger. The flying creature is wreathed in fire,
inches from your face. You leap back but your hands are burnt
as the creature explodes into flames. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you
are still alive, you rush to the lift door. Turn to 388.

320
You can feel that the section of the Rack is growing hot in your
hand and, examining it, you see it is pulsing with white light,
reacting to the presence of Baal. Then you can feel an incredibly
powerful malevolent will, the mind of Baal, invading your mind.

You cannot stand against such force, you realise, and Baal smiles
evilly. But then the Rack segment begins to pulse faster and the
power of Baal's will lessens. His smile fades and he struggles to
seize your mind. You realise that the rack segment is dampening
Baal's psychic power. You fight back, his will is strong but so is
yours. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 203
If you score 2-5, turn to 220

321
You reach out to Achov's mind. You find his thought patterns
are similar to a human's, obviously he is what he looks to be, a
Siriun, and not the creature. Achov starts and stares at you:
'What are you... ? By the gods, you're a psionic!' he exclaims,
and the rest turn to you in amazement. Turn to 272.

322
You throw yourself into the air, but the slab of masonry
ricochets off your side, sending you hurtling through the
doorway. Lose 9 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you struggle
to your feet, Baal close behind, and stagger on. Turn to 299.

323
You open up with the blaster and it claims the lives of several
Warriors but the rest rush on heedlessly. You are overwhelmed
and literally cut into pieces.

324
Desperately, you push yourself on, legs pumping like pistons.
Soon your vigorous training pays off and you leave your
pursuers behind. A few moments later and they are lost to sight
as you turn into the dark foreboding street where the
warehouse containing Falcon's Wing lies. As you approach the
entrance four black-robed figures burst from the shadows and
charge at you in silence, drawing long wickedly curved daggers
as several more step out of buildings behind you, trapping you in
the street. Obviously they knew a short cut. Acting instinctively, you hurl yourself, rolling, at the feet of your four
assailants, hoping to trip them and run on into the safety of
Falcon's Wing. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 360
If you score 2-5, turn to 112

325
Slowly you creep down to the north side of the hill. As you
descend, blaster in hand, you can see someone crouching behind
a tree, their back to you. Whoever it is has a strong psychic
presence and is hiding from someone or something further
down at the base of the hill. The crouched figure appears to be a
young Confederate soldier, dressed in homespun butternut,
with grey trousers. It seems the Confederates were not able to
clothe their soldiers properly. Suddenly the figure stiffens and
then whirls, a blaster in its hand, pointing at you! Will you:
Shoot to kill?
Wait to see what happens next?

Turn to 344
Turn to 356

326
You twist and roll, trying to stay out of reach of their vicious
attack, but one of them slashes your forearm as you dive
through the air. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
roll to your feet as your suit repairs itself and open fire as the last
two Warriors charge at you again. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 341
If you score 2-5, turn to 351

327
You activate a rocket but its drive system cannot make any
headway in this dust. It simply lodges a foot above your head,
moving slowly. The creature's jaw rips through your battlesuit,
and takes your arm off, your suit collapses under the pressure of
the dust and you are crushed to death before you can suffer the
horror of being eaten alive.

328
[Score a V]
You draw your blaster and fire in one smooth motion. A bolt of
plasma slams into McReady's leg, smashing him against the
door. He howls, an unearthly, inhuman sound, and his eyes roll
up into his head. Suddenly a small suppurating hole appears in
his neck, opening and closing spasmodically. His skull splits open
with a loud wet crack and something large and bulky shudders
forth, forming into a heavy head, horned and armoured, two
small pig-like eyes at each side, the whole thing spilling rivulets
of reddish mucus. Horrified, Achov, Bragg and Caleb hesitate.
McReady's shoulders split apart and a bony carapace forms over

them. Then a thin jet of dirty white liquid hisses from the hole in
the neck and streams toward you. Desperately you try to avoid
it. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 309
If you score 2-5, turn to 289

329
He is dim-witted and slow. You impose your will upon him and
force him to run and dive overboard. Quickly you dash for the
gangplank, but one of the crew is turning the harpoon gun on
you and fires it. Instinctively you duck. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 354
If you score 2-4, turn to 364

330
Suspecting some kind of trap, you carefully edge your way onto
the slab nearest the left hand wall. Suddenly, you feel the slab
shift under your feet and there is a sharp click in the wall on
your left. You have a split second in which to act. Will you:

Drop to the floor?
Leap backwards?
Turn to 2
Turn to 12

331
You manage to control the Nobles. Instantly you force them to
order the Warriors to stop their charge. Then they turn and fire
their laser-pistols at the Baal-Mother, who is shouting in rage. It
writhes in pain as you force the Nobles to keep up their lancing
fire. Then the blubbery mass of the Mother begins to dissolve
before your very eyes, seemingly metamorphosing. Seconds
later, Baal stands in the Mother's place, bellowing in anger. With
a flash of insight, you realise he has been posing as a Cave
Mother using his hallucinatory mind-powers, but the needlelike pulses of the Noble's lasers, whilst not harming him
seriously, have shaken him, preventing him from maintaining
the illusion. Taking this opportunity, you release the Nobles and
sprint for the door. The Nobles stare at Baal and begin trilling
agitatedly amongst themselves. They know they have been
tricked into rebelling against their rightful Mother and they see
Baal as an intruder now. However, Baal, furious, screams, 'You
have meddled in my plans too often, mortal. Your puny little
organisation can never hope to defeat me, Baal, the Lord of
Flies!' and the sound echoes around the chamber so that you can
almost feel the floor reverberating. Then he points at you, and a
yellow bolt of energy forks from his finger, crackling through
the air towards you. You must try to dodge the attack. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 418
If you score 2-5, turn to 24

332
Before you can move, one of them has slashed open your
shoulder, whilst the other, ducking low, drives its horned elbow
into your side, puncturing your suit and your stomach. They
follow this up with a blurring flurry of razor sharp attacks,
slicing you up as if you were butter. You die alone, lost in the
darkness of an alien world.

333
Moments later you are back in Falcon's Wing. Where will you go
in search of the Rack?

Rigel Prime, 1642 AD, if you have not been there already?
Earth in the time of the Aztecs, if you have not been there already?
The colony planet, Dustbowl, in the year 2764 AD if you have not been there already?
Return to the Eiger Vault, in case the Monitoring Section has any information for you?
Turn to 46
Turn to 22
Turn to 10
Turn to 377

334
As you sprint away, one of your pursuers dives at your legs
tripping you. Before you can act you are buried under a pile of
bodies. Within seconds you are slashed to ribbons by their
daggers and left in the street, a red mass of dead meat.

335
Whose mind will you probe?

Achov's ?
McReady's?
Caleb V?
Braxton Bragg's?
Turn to 321
Turn to 312
Turn to 304
Turn to 294

336
You dodge aside, but his fist still catches your shoulder a
glancing blow. Lose 2 Endurance points. If you are still alive, he snarls
furiously at your escape. Will you:
Fire your blaster and then make a run for it? Turn to 231
Flee instantly?
Turn to 243

337
A stream of fire erupts from your flamethrower, engulfing the
flying beast. It bursts into flames and drops to the floor. You
dash to the lift door. Turn to 388.

338
Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1 or 6, turn to 347
If you score 2, 3, 4 or 5, turn to 193

339
You fail to control them, two at once is too much for you after
your recent mental battle with Baal. However, your attention is
drawn to the oncoming Warriors. All you can do is try to gain
some time by using your blaster on them, as they are almost
upon you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 315
If you score 2-5, turn to 323

340
You walk out onto the middle stone slab, sense alert for any
trap. Nothing happens. Will you step out onto:

The slab directly ahead of you, the centremost slab of the nine?
The slab to your left?
The slab to your right?
The slab at a diagonal right forward?
The slab at a diagonal left forward?
Turn to 373
Turn to 330
Turn to 352
Turn to 383
Turn to 361

341
Your aim is true, reducing the last two Warriors to mounds of
smoking flesh. You may pick up some of the rocks by the
entrance if you wish. Close up you can identify it as magnesite. Turn to 290.

342
A day later you leave Falcon's Wing in the hope of finding an
alternative to the Winged Demon. Carefully examining the
quayside, you are pleased to see that the Winged Demon has left
and that another ship is moored at the harbour. You are still
someway from it when your Psychic Awareness picks up the
presence of somebody nearby. You are prepared when three
sailors run out at you from behind a large crate, long daggers in
their hands. One of them hisses: 'This time Baal will have your
soul.' Amazed at the persistent fanaticism of the disciples of
Baal, you prepare to defend yourself. Will you:

Thinkstrike the nearest assailant?
Use your blaster?
Try and control one of your assailants?
Turn to 376
Turn to 387
Turn to 395

343
Who will you fire the blaster at?

Achov?
Caleb?
McReady?
Bragg?
Turn to 348
Turn to 375
Turn to 328
Turn to 390

344
Your hand a blur of movement, you unleash a river of white-hot
plasma at the figure before it can fire. The figure is hurled back
against the tree with a crash and then flops to the ground,
lifeless, the torso a smoking black mass. You walk over to the
body and roll it over with your foot. A chill of horror seizes you.
It is Agent Lynx, one of your comrades and you have killed her.
Transfixed with guilt and remorse you fail to hear anything
until you feel the cold barrel of a blaster at the back of your neck.
Thank you for doing the work for me, Falcon. Now my revenge
will indeed be complete. Goodbye.' You have time to recognise
the voice of the arch traitor, Agidy Yelov, before he squeezes the
trigger, ending your life. You have failed.

345
You dive aside and the horned bony spear hammers past you,
retracting into the main body as fast as it was launched at you.
You roll to your feet and run for the lift as fast as you can,
leaving the flaming creature behind you. Turn to 392.

346
You exert your will, but to no avail, you cannot even scratch
Baal's mental defences and the sound of his contemptuous
laughter echoing round the cavern is the last thing you will ever
hear. The Warriors, clambering over the bodies of their
comrades, are upon you, literally ripping you to shreds.
347

You pull the trigger, but there is no effect. It has been damaged
by the creature's jaws. Horrified, you can do nothing as the
creature bites through your battlesuit and takes your arm off,
your suit collapses under the pressure of the dust and you are
crushed to death before you can suffer the horror of being eaten
alive.

348
You draw and fire in one swift moment, but Achov is a Siriun
and fast. He throws himself backwards and the bolt of plasma
passes close to his arm, setting his boilersuit alight. He howls in
pain but rolls over, putting out the flames. He doesn't seem to be
the creature after all. Bragg reacts quickly. Firing his laser pistol
at you, reflexively. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 230
If you score 2-5, turn to 218

349
You try to dodge aside but Baal's hammer-like backhander
slams into you, hurling you backwards through the air and out
of the door. You land in a heap, badly bruised, ribs cracked. Lose 6
Endurance points. If you are still alive, he snarls furiously at you.
Will you:
Fire your blaster and then make a run for it? Turn to 231
Flee instantly?
Turn to 243

350
You are some twenty metres from Falcon's Wing when a loud
humming fills the air, as if of a thousand bees in flight. Turning

your head you see the fly beast, the servant of Baal, whirring
into the warehouse: 'You must die, Time Traveller, Baal has
spoken,' it bubbles revoltingly, and darts downwards, intent on
devouring you. Will you:
Thinkstrike it?
Use your Power of Will?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 135
Turn to 140
Turn to 160

351
You squeeze the trigger but the first Warrior ducks under the
bolt of superheated plasma and launches itself headfirst
through the air at you. The horn on its head enters your body
just below the ribs. As it stands up over you, it drives its spiked
knee into your head, just under the chin, killing you instantly.

352
Suspecting some kind of trap, you edge your way carefully onto
the right hand slab. Suddenly, you feel the slab shift under your
feet and there is a sharp click in the wall on your right. You have
a split second in which to act. Will you:
Drop to the floor?
Leap backwards?

Turn to 28
Turn to 42

353
When you rematerialise, all the camera reveals is a dirty white
expanse, tinged with pink, visibility is almost zero. You have
arrived in a storm and sheets of hail are driving against your
Time Machine, clattering against the hardened hull. You ask
CAIN for information on Chill in 2985. 'Well, Falcon, the planet
Chill is a ball of rock rich in minerals covered in a crust of ice. It is
one of the coldest planets man has yet discovered. It is devoid of
life and the atmosphere is ammonia based. However, at this
time, only forty years ago from our time, there is a small mining
station, mostly automated, run by a crew of five men. They are
working a rich bed of titanium, used in many starship hulls.
Incidentally Falcon, the Manager, Braxton Bragg, was a good
friend of your grandfather's, your grandmother was Bragg's
sister, so be careful. You will have to wear the battlesuit, your
environment suit will not be enough to keep out the cold,
Falcon. I will run up some stencils in the Molecular Convertor,
you can paint on the insignia of the Federation Planetary

Exploration Scouts. If you should run across the miners, you can
pretend to a be a shipwrecked scout, crash-landed on Chill.
Remember, Time Travel won't be discovered for another thirty
years.'
Thank you CAIN,' you reply. When you are ready you step out
into the freezing atmosphere of Chill. Looking around, you can
see a rugged landscape of twisted ice ridges and valleys. Setting
the Rack detector, you soon discover the location of the last
piece of the Rack. With the other three pieces of the Rack in your
battlesuit utility containers, you set off towards it. The
buffeting cross winds caused by the storm are too strong for
you to use your jets, but you take great leaping strides, your
battlesuit servos whining. Hailstones as large as your fist are
battering against your armour and your instrument readout
tells you that the suit is working overtime to ward off the deadly
cold. Turn to 94.

354
There is a loud woosh and a six foot barbed harpoon whirs over
your head and crashes into the wall of the poopdeck, just above
the captain's door. In an instant you are up and running down
the gangplank, soon to be lost amongst the crates and
equipment piled up everywhere on the harbourside. You return
to Falcon's Wing where you decide to wait until the Winged
Demon has left on another whaling expedition, so you can find
another ship. You instruct CAIN to disguise Falcon's Wing as a
pile of whaling equipment to avoid the prying eyes of anyone in
search of the scientist's diving bell. You may lie in your Autodoc
if you wish, and gain up to 6 points of lost Endurance. Turn to 342.

355
You follow Brax and Caleb to the Rec Room, wondering where
the Rack piece is. You will have to wait until you can determine
its location, it looks like it could be dangerous around here for a
while anyway. In the Rec Room, Braxton says, 'We'll have to
devise some means of testing that we're all human.' The door
opens and Achov comes in, wheeling a trolley carrying five gastanks with tube-like extensions, the flamethrowers. One of
them is painted red and blue.
Caleb rises to his feet and takes it. 'My thrower,' he says. A few
minutes later, McReady enters the room, standing near the
door.

'Well?' Braxton asks impatiently.
'It has been smashed, the deep space radio, everything gone. The
creature got to it already,' he says, his voice deadpan and
toneless as he stands, completely still, gazing placidly at Bragg.
There is silence in the room. Braxton is deep in thought, Caleb
polishes his flamethrower, Achov stares at the floor, his fingers
drumming rhythmically on the table, and McReady stands
unmoving at the door, his face a blank. Will you:
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe their
minds to find out if one of them is the alien? Turn to 335
Fire your blaster if you think you know now
than one is the creature?
Turn to 343

356
The blaster is pointing straight at you, but you recognise the
face of Agent Lynx. She says, 'Falcon! What are you doing here?'
You move closer and tell her of your mission and then ask her
what she is up to. 'Well, Falcon, as you know, Jobanque assigned
me to trace Yelov. I've found him. He's about forty yards down
the hill behind that clump of trees. I have him pinned down.
With your help, we can almost certainly get him. You could walk
around behind him.' It still disturbs you to think of Yelov as
alive. As far as your memory is concerned, you saw him die by
your hand, but you also know that never happened, due to a
time paradox. Before you or Lynx can act, there is a sudden
barrage of explosions. The Union or the Confederates are
shelling Benner's Hill. You crouch low and then the tree you are
sheltering behind is vaporised by a bolt of plasma and you are
both forced to throw yourself to the ground. You can see Yelov
taking this opportunity to escape. He, too, is dressed in grey.
Lynx looks disappointed. 'Blast it, Falcon, we had him! Falcon,
listen, I know your mission is important, but I could use your
help here. It'll probably only be for a couple of hours. How about
it?' Will you:
Say: 'I'm sorry Lynx, I can't,' wish her good
luck and go in search of the Rack?
Stay and give Lynx a hand against Yelov?

Turn to 333
Turn to 367

357
You have fired too high in your panic and the bolt of plasma

shoots over the creature where its head should have been. The
tentacles round your thigh, reel you in, you are clasped to its
torso and you arm is bitten off by the gaping maw. More
tentacles writhe around your chest, and they eat into you,
fusing with your body. You can do nothing as you are
inexorably digested by its touch alone.

358
'What in the galaxy was that thing?' says McReady. Caleb points
to an insignia still visible on the clothing sticking to the burning
mass. In an incredulous tone, he says, 'It was Tsu Tsang,' you
say breathlessly, explaining what had happened to her.
'Whatever it was in the egg must have been still alive somehow.'
They are stunned into silence for a moment.
Bragg says, 'It must be able to replicate the genetic pattern of
whatever it absorbs, mimicking its victim precisely. It can
change its form at will, obviously, and it can act in separate units,
judging by the severed leg. Presumably its cells can reproduce
themselves at an alarming rate.' He pauses for a moment. 'That
means it or other parts of it could still be alive, somewhere. In
fact it could even be one of us, it's had plenty of time to absorb
and duplicate somebody since we've been asleep.'
'Oh wow, man,' whimpers McReady, his eyes darting from face
to face, Achov's brow furrows, his yellow eyes narrowing.
Caleb grunts, 'Not Lieutenant Falcon anyway,' he says. 'It just
tried to kill him.' The flames begin to peter out, leaving charred
remains.
'At least we know it can be killed with fire,' says Bragg. 'Right,
everyone into the Rec Room, let's get out of this stinking hole,'
and he turns to McReady. 'Go to the radio room and contact the
communication satellite, tell 'em to get some troopers down
here and a relief ship, fast! Achov, go to stores and get the
flamethrowers we use for clearing ice off the Dome. See you in
the Rec Room in a few minutes.' Turn to 355.

359
The Rec Room is where the crew eat, rest and play. Several vidbooths line one wall as does a large nutritional dispenser.
Various personal effects and pieces of machinery lie hap-

hazardly about. A holo-viewer is on hold, the small projected
figures frozen in place - it looks like some kind of horror-holo
feature, possibly a holo-nasty. The machine is labelled 'Kepy
Achov's - keep off!'. Absently, you note that the holo-cassette is
called 'Night of the Star-Vampires'. Two people, one an oriental
of slim build, with the insignia of a medtech on her overalls, the
other a heavily built, neat looking man, with a carefully trimmed
beard and thick black hair are seated at a long table. They look up
in astonishment at the sight of you, they probably haven't seen
another human face for weeks. You tell them your story and the
bearded man says, 'I see. You're lucky to have survived. I'm
Braxton Bragg, the manager, you can call me Brax. This is Tsu
Tsang, our Medic and general boffin,' and he indicates the
oriental woman next to him. 'It looks like you'll be stuck here
until the Relief Ship arrives, I'm afraid. That will be about two
weeks from now. It'll cost too much to send a starship just for
you! Tsu Tsang will show you your cabin and then you can come
back here. We haven't spoken to anyone else for two months you'll be a welcome change,' and he smiles warmly at you.
Tsu Tsang walks over to you, and you notice she is limping. She
says tersely, 'Drill bit fell on my foot two weeks ago, broke it
badly.' She shows you into a tiny cabin with a single bunk, a few
doors on from the Rec Room. It is opposite a large room. 'Make
yourself at home,' she says wryly and leaves. A minute later,
there is a knock at the door and Sil McReady comes in.' Hi, Brax
asked me to show you around if you'd like? Its a pretty ultra
place, or it was at first! I'm getting ultra sick of it now.' You
decide to agree as you'll need to find out if the Rack is near,
despite having to listen to McReady's obsessive use of the word
'ultra'. Turn to 244.

360
Have you seen a" man with a tattoo on his forearm here on
Dustbowl ? If you have, 'turn to 369. If you have not, turn to 123.

361
Gingerly you edge out onto the slab. A thrill of horror runs up
your spine as the slab shifts beneath you. There is a whirring
click at the bottom of the wall, just to your left. You must act
now! Will you:
Throw yourself to the ground?
Leap high into the air?

Turn to 72
Turn to 97

362
You race on. It is growing warmer down this tunnel and the
light ahead is growing brighter. Soon your suit coolant begins to
circulate as the heat rises dramatically. Suddenly you burst out
into a dim white light, which seems painfully bright after the
gloomy green-tinged blackness of Darkhome. You have
emerged into a large natural cavern, silent and undisturbed for
centuries judging by the dust. Looking up you see the roof of the
cavern, far above. It is cracked and open to the sky in places.
Shafts of bright white light trickle down into the blackness
below, where it loses its intensity. Particles of dust drift slowly
in the light like planets in the vastness of space. Your suit
registers high levels of harmful radiation and you move on
towards another tunnel that leads out of the cavern. Turn to
290.

363
You grab a middle-aged man in brown robes with a grey cap and
ask him to call the police. He looks up at you in surprised
outrage. 'How dare you,' he says. Then he notices your
pursuers, his expression changes and he says, 'I can't help you,
Offworlder, leave me alone,' and he hurries on. They are almost
upon you now. Will you:
Turn to 301
Turn to 313
Turn to 334

Use your blaster?
Thinkstrike them?
Sprint onwards?

364
There is a whoosh and the six-foot, rocket-propelled harpoon
leaves the gun and rips into your abdomen. You are lifted into
the air and carried across the deck. The harpoon slams into the
wall of the poop deck, pinning you to it just above the captain's
door. A few seconds later you are dead.

365
Looking out, you can see Caleb and Achov running into the Rec
Room and you follow them in. There is an air of excitement, as
Achov speaks rapidly. 'Brax, the Autodrill has uncovered a large
cavern, deep in the rock. I've never seen anything like it. We
went down and had a look, we found these.' And he puts two
objects onto the table. One is a strange leathery egg, about the
size of a football. The other sends a rush of adrenalin through

your blood - it is the final piece of the Rack. 'Not only that, there
is a circular shaft leading from the cavern roof right up through
a mile of rock, up to the ice. Can't be natural. Looks like it's some
remains of the Ancient's culture, the Federation'll pay through
the nose to examine it. We're as good as rich.'
Braxton Bragg looks at them thoughtfully. 'You could be right
Achov, this egg could be a real find; bit weird though, isn't it?'
'Yeah, really ultra, man,' McReady chips in to be answered by
several irritated glares.
'We'll get Tsu Tsang to examine it.' Braxton Bragg continues.
'Here, Achov, take it to her, and then get back to work, the
Mining Company doesn't pay you to sit around!' He laughs.
When they have gone, Braxton eyes you speculatively, Tunny a
Fed Scout should turn up at the same time as we find this, eh?'
'Yes, an amazing coincidence, isn't it,' you reply and he smiles.
You decide to return to your cabin and wait for night to fall and
the crew to sleep. Then you can creep into the lab, take the Rack
and leave, they'll think it's all some secret government
operation. At any rate, it seems Baal is not here in person, as on
Cave and Tenochtitlan. Turn to 413.

366
You dive aside, but the horned bone gashes your arm, burning
painfully. Lose 3 Endurance points. If you are still alive, it retracts at
the same speed it was launched at you. You roll to your feet and
run for the lift as fast as you can, leaving the flaming creature
behind you. Turn to 392.

367
'Okay Lynx, I'll help. What do you think he's up to?'
Thanks Falcon, I can certainly use it! Well, at the moment, Yelov
just seems to be trying to avoid being caught, but there is one
thing he could do here today. The Union forces are pretty
demoralised at the moment. In about an hour General Lee will
order General Ewell, the commander of the Confederate forces
on this flank, to launch an attack, if possible. Culp's Hill is
unoccupied at the moment, it will be held by Union troops later,
but if Ewell was to take it now... Historically, Ewell decided not

to attack, but if he had, it is almost certain the rest of the Union
army would have been routed, and the Confederacy would have
won Gettysburg. My guess is that Yelov will try to force Ewell
to order an attack using mind control. Imagine if the
Confederacy had won the Civil War, Falcon? There would be
two nations in America, history would be changed radically and
we might never exist! This would be revenge enough for Yelov.
Let's head for Ewell's HQ and await developments.' Will you:
Go with Lynx?
Turn to 386
Say, 'You stake out the HQ, I'll go in search of
his Time Machine. If I can disable that well
have him trapped here,' and leave in search
of Yelov's Time Machine?
Turn to 397

368
Moving fast, you take the sharpened bone and hack the
tentacles in two, cutting it away from your foot before it can
take hold and leap back out of range from the suppurating beast.
Then the creature sprouts four massive trunk-like legs, raising
it off the ground. It folds in on itself, metamorphosing into a
single huge mouth on legs, two lobster-like eyestalks rising
above it. Do you have any magnesite with you? If you do, turn
to 255. If you do not, turn to 267.

369
You slam into the legs of three of them and they fly over you,
crashing to the ground. In an instant you are up, but the fourth
whips his dagger across, gashing your shoulder as he shouts,
'Die, in the name of Baal!' Lose 2 Endurance points. Controlling your
shocked surprise at this, you unleash a Thinkstrike and he
staggers back, holding his head. Barging past him you dart into
the warehouse, running for the crate marked 'Eiger Corporation'. Turn to 350.

370
A tentacle whips out, slapping your hand to one side so that the
bolt of plasma discharges into the wall with a crash like a clap of
thunder. You utter a shriek of revulsion as another tentacle
snakes wetly around your thigh. Your leg begins to burn
agonisingly as you realise the slime that coats it is eating into
your flesh. Lose 3 Endurance points and subtract 1 from your Evasion
Modifier permanently as the wound will never heal properly. If

you still live, you fire your blaster again as the ghastly apparition
writhes before you. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 384
If you score 2-5, turn to 357

371
You twist to the side but the laser beam drills into your
battlesuit. Subtract 1 from your battlesuit armour points, but you are
unhurt. To your horror you realise it has damaged your
environmental control unit. If that should fail, your suit will be
unable to maintain any heat and you will freeze to death in
seconds in this cold. Your rocket surges towards its target.
Desperately, the creature tries to dodge it, but the rocket homes
in and explodes, smearing the powersuit and its contents across
the ridge, where it freezes instantly, completely inert. All that is
left is a broad red stain, frozen solid. Exhausted, you pick
yourself up and use your jets to fly back to Falcon's Wing. Turn
to 262.

372
The adobe hut disguising Falcon's Wing is only yards ahead of
you when a black shadow falls over you. Looking up you can see
Baal swooping down, his arms outstretched towards you. A thin
stream of yellow energy streaks form his hands, and you hurl
yourself the last few feet at the hologram around Falcon's Wing.
Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 17
If you score 2-5, turn to 36

373
With great care, you cross the centre slab, ready for anything. It
seems safe, however. Will you step:
To the slab directly to your left?
Turn to 361
Diagonally to your left, a slab on the last row? Turn to 393
Directly ahead to the middle slab on the last
row?
Turn to 404
Diagonally forward to your right, onto the
right hand slab in the last row?
Turn to 419
Directly to your right?
Turn to 383

374
You head down the gloomy tunnels illuminated by the green
phosphorescence of the moss. Soon you come out into another
Darkhome farm. You are following a path cutting through the
middle of two lines of vats, fungus fields stretching away to
either side. Some twenty metres ahead is the yawning black hole
of the exit. Thick blue seams of some mineral line the walls
above it. Some of the blue mineral has fallen in a small pile of
crumbled rock near the entrance. Picking the rock up, you are
able to identify it as magnesite. You may keep some if you wish.
Note it on your Agent Profile. Leaving the farm area you
continue on in search of the Rack section. Turn to 290.

375
You draw and fire in one smooth motion. The bolt of white
lightning blasts into Caleb's chest, hurling him back, where he
lies inert and smoking, still human. Achov reacts instantly,
Bragg close behind him. He pulls out a snub-nosed projectile
weapon, and Bragg fires his laser pistol. A bullet takes you right
between the eyes at the same time as the laser beam drills a neat
hole in your temple. You are killed instantly.

376
Make a Thinkstrike Roll as you let fly a blast of mental energy.
If you score 7-12, turn to 4
If you score 2-6, turn to 15

377
If the timehole on Earth at Gettysburg was the first you have
visited on this mission, turn to 5. If you have been to any other
timeholes, turn to 26.

378
A white-hot stream of superheated plasma flies into the mass of
men pursuing you and you play the beam across them. There
are cries of agony and pain as the front rank are cut down as if
they had run into a brick wall. People stop and stare in horror
backing away from you. You run on leaving the tangled knot of
men behind you. As you turn into the dark foreboding street
where the warehouse containing Falcon's Wing lies, you can
hear the sound of sirens, presumably the local police. Quickly
you dart into the warehouse and run toward the crates marked

'Eiger Corporation'. Have you seen a man with a tattoo on his
forearm here on Dustbowl ? If you have, turn to 350. If you have
not, turn to 399.

379
Your breathing becomes rapid and you stare in horror and begin
to scream wildly. A tentacle lashes through the air, slamming
into your torso with incredible force and hurling you backwards
onto the work bench, sending instruments and tools crashing
everywhere. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the sharp
pain shocks you back into reality. You must defend yourself as
the creature continues to change, the head crunching in on itself
and forming a huge gaping maw where the shoulders and neck
should be, snapping convulsively. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 384
If you score 2-5, turn to 370

380
Flame billows out from your thrower, but the creature hops
grotesquely to one side. However, the flame still engulfs one
side of it. The thing sizzles, giving off an awful stench. Then a
long spear of glistening white-bone, tipped with a sharpened
horn, bursts out of its mouth, extending toward you with the
speed of an arrow. You must try to dodge it. Make an Evasion
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 345
If you score 2-5, turn to 366
381

Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 71
If you score 2-6, turn to 173

382
The stream of superheated plasma takes Baal full in the chest.
At this, the people around you flee in terror, some screaming
that the gods are doing battle in the streets of Tenochtitlan. You
maintain the stream of plasma, and it showers over Baal, who
roars in rage and pain. Then incredibly, Baal begins to move
through the air towards you, slowly but surely moving against

the white-hot plasma that splashes like lightning across his
chest. Amazed that anything can withstand such energy you are
about to run in fear when Baal begins to show signs of strain.
The plasma is getting through. The nimbus of yellow energy
begins to flicker on and off. Then he drops out of the sky and
slams into the floor of the plaza, his impact cracking the
stonework. He lies there bellowing in rage as he struggles up,
the yellow nimbus slowly re-forming around him. Awed, you
realise he is only stunned and you run for Falcon's Wing, noting
that your blaster energy pack is completely depleted. You will be
unable to use it until you can fit another energy pack in Falcon's
Wing. Turn to 285.

383

Gingerly you edge out onto the slab. A thrill of horror runs up
your spine as the slab shifts beneath you. There is a loud
snapping click in the ceiling above you. Will you:
Leap into the air?
Throw yourself to the side?

Turn to 108
Turn to 119

384
A bolt of superheated plasma shoots into the writhing hole of
what was Tsu Tsang's chest with a blinding flash, hurling the
creature backward. It crashes to the floor and erupts into
flames. Threshing wildly about, it roars in pain, bits of flaming
flesh popping and spluttering. A leg, still human in form, rolls
away twitching. You watch incredulously as six jointed
insectoid legs sprout from either side of the leg, cracking
outwards to the floor, and the foot mutates, lengthening and
splitting open to reveal rows of teeth, forming some kind of
malformed crocodile head. Just then the door slams open and
the rest of the mining crew, headed by Bragg, come in. They
stop horrified at what they see, babbling incoherently. McReady
leans away and is violently sick. The crocodile insect scuttles
toward you and leaps. You are about to blast it when Bragg fires
a laser pistol neatly dissecting it. Both halves hit the floor and
begin to inch together, a tentacle whips out joining the two
sections. Bragg stands astonished, unable to act. Quickly you
bathe it in plasma and it starts to burn. The lab begins to fill with
acidic smoke. Turn to 358.

385
You are examining the door when your mind picks up a mental
probe, coming from the large mass of flesh. Suddenly a mind of
enormous power invades yours; it is completely irresistible and
you can do nothing whilst you are held as several Warriors slice
you into sections with their hands.

386
[Score a G]
Together you leave the hill. There is a pause in the battle; both
sides are tired and the day's fighting is virtually over. You walk
past groups of exhausted and wounded men, artillery batteries,
field hospitals and so on. It is all very confused as far as you can
make out. No one challenges you and soon you are behind
Ewell's Command Post, a small building on the outskirts of
Gettysburg. Ewell is sitting at its front. He has lost a leg and the
stump is obviously paining him. Eventually, a courier on
horseback arrives, with orders from General Lee. Both you and
Lynx tense expectantly. As soon as General Ewell has read
them, your Psychic Awareness tells you that Yelov is exerting
his will from inside the house. You both decide to use your
Power of Will on Yelov simultaneously. He is taken by surprise,
but Yelov recognises that you are with Lynx and his hatred of
you gives him added strength of will. He throws your mental
attack aside, but Ewell is now unaffected at any rate. Suddenly,
Yelov bursts out around the corner of the house. You stand
stock still for a moment, a prickly chill of fear running up your
spine. As far as you are concerned, the last time you saw Yelov
he was dead at your feet. To see him alive like this is disturbing,
even though you knew you never really killed him, due to a
puzzling time paradox. His cybernetic arm gleams in the falling
light as he raises it to smash you, shouting: 'At last Falcon, I'll see
you dead!' You must try to dodge the blow. Make an Evasion
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 408
If you score 2-5, turn to 417

387
You can hardly miss at this range and a bolt of plasma takes the
first one in the chest, almost vaporising the top half of his body.
The other two charge on undeterred, their lips drawn back in a
snarl of fanatical hate, but you shoot them both. Looking

around to make sure you were not spotted using an illegal
energy weapon, you hurry quickly onward. Turn to 416.

388
You dart into the lift and press the button for the Mining
Control Room. The lift begins to move. Suddenly it shudders
for a second but starts to rise upwards quickly again. Then your
radio crackles and Bragg's voice comes out of it: 'It's clear in the
storage area. How about you, Lieutenant Falcon?' You tell him
what's happened, leaving out any mention of the Rack. He
replies: 'You fool! You could've been killed!'
Before he can go on, Achov's voice cuts in over the radio. 'I've
found the suit computer control chips! They were in the main
generator room. I'm coming out now, I'll meet you at the
corridor junction.' A few minutes later the lift comes to a stop.
Do you have Caleb's flamethrower? If you do, turn to 200. If
you do not, turn to 302.

389
You have misjudged how close your pursuers were. You
unleash a blast of superheated plasma that virtually vaporises
two of them but another slams into you, wielding a wickedly
curved dagger. Acting instinctively, you fall backwards underneath him and use your foot to throw him over your head.
However, another slashes your arm as you roll to your feet. *Lose 6 Endurance points.* If you are still alive, you despatch him with a
swift karate kick, driving him back into those behind him. This
gives you enough time to run on. They seem hesitant to follow
you now, and soon you have left them behind. A few moments
later and they are lost to sight as you turn into the dark,
foreboding street where the warehouse containing Falcon's
Wing lies. As you approach the entrance four black-robed
figures burst from the shadows and charge at you in silence,
drawing long wickedly curved daggers as several more step out
of buildings behind you, trapping you in the street. Obviously
they knew a short cut. Acting instinctively, you hurl yourself,
rolling, at the feet of your four assailants, hoping to trip them
and run on into the safety of Falcon's Wing. Make an Evasion
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 360
If you score 2-5, turn to 112

390
You draw your blaster and fire in one smooth motion. The
plasma takes Braxton Bragg in the throat, almost severing his
head and killing him instantly. Seconds later you wink out of
existence. You have killed your grandfather's friend, who was
responsible for your grandfather meeting your grandmother.
They will never meet now, and your father will never be born. It
is as if you had never existed.

391
Do you also have a section of the Rack with three small triangles
at each corner? If you have, turn to 400. If you Have not, turn to
409.

392
As you run, there is a loud tearing sound behind you. Turning
your head you are disgusted to see something new erupting out
of the burning creature. It shoots up into the air on glistening
leathery wings, about four foot long, insect-shaped, but with
six, vaguely humanoid arms and a blunt head with a long
curving proboscis of sharp bone. It dives down at you. Will you:

Try to flamethrow it?
Thinkstrike it?
Turn to 337
Turn to 319

393
[Score a J]
Moving onto the slab you are relieved to find that you have not
set off any trap. You step off the stone grid in front of the altar.
Turn to 134.

394
You scream in fear and draw your blaster, probably your fastest
draw ever and fire in one motion. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 384
If you score 2-5, turn to 370

395
You concentrate your mind, trying to control the nearest
attacker. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 25
If you score 2-5, turn to 33

396
You shake yourself out of your shocked horror. You must
defend yourself as the creature continues to change, the head
crunching in on itself and forming a huge gaping maw where
the shoulders and neck should be, snapping convulsively. You
squeeze the trigger of your blaster. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 384
If you score 2-5, turn to 370

397
'Okay,' Lynx says. After going back to Falcon's Wing to pick up
your hologram detector, you use it to check for any signs of a
Hologram. You find Lynx's machine close to yours, but then you
detect a hologram, obviously Yelov's stolen model A3, on the
left bank of Culp's Hill, east of Benner's Hill and make your way
towards it. You pass a battery of horse artillery straining to pull
a gun out of some mud, and several groups of soldiers, tired and
wounded. Soon you come to a body of Confederate infantry,
behind the cover of a low stone wall. You are just about to
detour around their position when a Confederate officer spots
you and shouts: 'You, get into line there,' gesturing with his
sabre for you to join the line of infantrymen, some of whom look
up at you expectantly. Will you:

Run past the stone wall?
Obey the officer and get in line?
Turn to 55
Turn to 41

398
You hurl a blast of mental energy but it has no effect, its mind is
too different from yours. The fly slams into you, sending you
hammering into the corridor walls. Subtract 1 from your battlesuit
armour points. You jet upward and launch a rocket. Turn to 276.

399
You are some 200 metres from Falcon's Wing when a loud
humming fills the air, as if of a thousand bees flying in unison.
Turning your head you are greeted by a revolting sight. Flying
into the warehouse is what can only be described as a twelvefoot fly, its huge compound eyes glittering malevolently and its
black limbs glistening with mucus and lined with cilia. Its
mouthparts are working violently, oozing a vile greyish saliva.
Incredibly it speaks, the sound disturbingly unnatural, human

words not meant for an alien throat: 'You must die, Time
Traveller, Baal has spoken,' it bubbles. A wave of disgust comes
over you, even though you have seen many strange life forms. It
swoops down, intent on devouring you. Will you:
Thinkstrike it?
Use your Power of Will?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 135
Turn to 140
Turn to 160

400
You must try to get through the door. You are edging around
the edge of the cavern when your Psychic Awareness tells you
that someone with mental powers has detected your mind. The
Mother bellows loudly and the Nobles spin round, ordering
twenty Warriors to kill you. The Warriors start moving towards
you. Then a powerful mind attacks yours. You recognise the
mental power of Baal. Suddenly the pieces of the Rack you are
holding begin to grow hot and pulse brightly with white light
and Baal's mind is driven back. Then the blubbery mass of the
Mother begins to dissolve before your very eyes, seemingly
metamorphosing. Seconds later, Baal stands in the Mother's
place, bellowing in anger. With a flash of insight, you realise he
has been posing as a Cave Mother using his hallucinatory mindpowers, but the two pieces of the Rack, acting together, prevent
Baal from using his mental ability. At this, the Nobles order the
Warriors to halt and begin trilling agitatedly amongst themselves. They know they have been tricked into rebelling against
their rightful Mother and they see Baal as an intruder now.
Taking this opportunity, you sprint for the door. However,
Baal, furious, screams: 'You have meddled in my plans too often,
mortal. Your puny little organisation can never hope to defeat
me, Baal, the Lord of Flies!' and the sound echoes around the
chamber so that you can almost feel the floor reverberating.
Then he points at you, and a yellow bolt of energy forks from his
finger, crackling through the air toward you. You must try to
dodge the attack. Make an Evasion Roll.

If you score 6-12, turn to 418
If you score 2-5, turn to 24

401
McReady's eyes roll up into his head. Suddenly a small
suppurating hole appears in his neck, opening and closing

spasmodically. His skull splits open with a loud wet crack and
something large and bulky shudders forth, forming into a heavy
head, horned and armoured, two small pig-like eyes at each side,
the whole thing spilling rivulets of reddish mucus. Horrified,
Achov and Caleb hesitate. McReady's shoulders split apart and a
bony carapace forms over them. Then a thin jet of dirty white
liquid hisses from the hole in the neck and streams towards you,
Bragg and Achov. Almost as one you duck. Caleb raises the
flamethrower, but McReady's side bursts open and a length of
ridged, slime-ridden bone shoots out with devastating speed and
buries itself in Caleb's chest. He howls in agony as, in front of
your eyes, the bone begins to fuse with Caleb, retracting slowly,
drawing him to the thing. Achov, Braxton and you open fire in
horror, but the creature turns and, putting its head down,
smashes through the door and is away, taking Caleb's body with
it. Turn to 166.
402
Your breathing becomes rapid and you stare in horror and begin
to scream wildly. A tentacle lashes through the air, slamming
into your torso with incredible force and hurling you backwards
onto the work bench, sending instruments and tools crashing
everywhere. Lose 4 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the sharp
pain shocks you back into reality. You must defend yourself as
the creature continues to change, the head crunching in on itself
and forming a huge gaping maw where the shoulders and neck
should be, snapping convulsively. Will you:

Thinkstrike the hideous apparition?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 405
Turn to 394

403
Fire billows out, engulfing the thing and it scuttles backwards,
sizzling, and giving off an awful stench, making a horrible
screaming noise. You run as fast as you can to the lift. Turn to
392.

404
As cautiously as you can, you steal out onto the slab. A surge of
adrenalin flows through you as the slab shifts and there is a loud
click, below your feet. Will you:
Leap forward?
Drop to the floor?

Turn to 143
Turn to 155

405
Desperately, you throw your most powerful blast of mental
energy at the creature, but it has no effect, you can sense it has
no mind at least not what you would call a mind. You utter a
shriek of revulsion as a tentacle snakes wetly around your thigh.
Your leg begins to burn agonisingly as you realise the slime that
coats it is eating into your flesh. Lose 3 Endurance points and subtract 1
from your Evasion Modifier permanently as the wound will never heal
properly. If you still live, you whip out your blaster as fast as you
can and fire at the thing as it writhes in front of you. Make an
Attack Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 384
If you score 2-5, turn to 357

406
You twist to the side and the laser beam lances past you, to be
lost in the uniformly grey expanse of the Chill sky. Your rocket
surges towards its target. Desperately the creature tries to
dodge it, but the rocket homes in and explodes, smearing the
powersuit and its contents across the ridge, where it freezes
instantly, completely inert. All that is left is a broad red stain,
frozen solid. Exhausted you pick yourself up and use your jets to
fly back to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 100.

407
A day later you leave Falcon's Wing in the hope of finding an
alternative to the Winged Demon. Carefully examining the
quayside, you are pleased to see that the Winged Demon has left
and that another ship is moored at the harbour. You are still
some way from it when your Psychic Awareness picks up the
presence of somebody nearby. You are prepared when three
sailors run out at you from behind a large crate, long daggers in
their hands. One of them hisses, 'May Baal, Lord of Flies, have
your soul Time Traveller!' You contain your shocked surprise
and prepare to defend yourself. It seems Baal has managed to
establish some kind of priesthood on this planet, perhaps the
very religion that caused their exile from Ascension. As Baal can
travel at will through time he will have had the opportunity to
do it. Will you:
Thinkstrike the nearest assailant?
Use your blaster?
Try and control one of your assailants?

Turn to 376
Turn to 387
Turn to 395

408
You twist away from the savage metal blows of his arm and you
can feel the air move on your "face as his blow whips past you.
Lynx reacts with lightning speed. She was trained in unarmed
combat by Yelov, and grabs his arm, using his own impetus to
throw him into the air. He lands well and, rolling to his feet, is
running east towards Culp's Hill before you can act. Turn to 8.

409
You must try to get through the door. You are edging around
the edge of the cavern when you Psychic Awareness tells you
that someone with mental powers has detected your mind.
Then a powerful mind attacks yours. You recognise the mental
power of Baal. Somehow he is the Mother. The attack is
extremely powerful but the piece of the Rack you are holding
pulses, draining his attack of much of its strength. Once again
you are locked in a deadly battle of wills with the cosmic being
known as Baal, Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 277
If you score 2-5, turn to 192

410
You point the pencil key at the door and it slides open. You jet
into the asteroid. Your battlesuit analyses the air, it will bear
human life, but not for long as it contains toxic substances. You
find yourself in a well lit corridor of polished steel, thirty foot
square, curving away round a corner. The corridor stretches
ahead for what seems like an eternity. Then you can see a darker
patch at its end. You shoot out, to find yourself flying near the
ceiling of an enormous pillared vault. All around you at ceiling
level is a circle of dark niches, their contents indeterminable.
There is an echoing roar of rage and you look down. There,
seated on an enormous throne, cut from a single gigantic
diamond over thirty feet in size is the powerfully muscled form
of Baal. 'Curse you, mortal, will you plague me forever!' he
screams. Then he notices that you are holding the Rack. It is
throbbing with an incredibly bright light, so that it is painful to
look on. For the first time, you see fear on Baal's face. 'No!' he
screams. He tries to hurl a yellow fireball and he tries to exert his
mental power, but he cannot do either. Then he tries to fly up to
you, but he cannot even do that. His face contorts with effort as
he tries to travel in time but to no avail. The Rack is preventing

all his powers from working. Quickly he bellows, 'Kill him!'
From either side of you giant flying creatures burst out of the
small niches, filling the air with a deafening humming. You
recognise the fly-like creatures, similar to the one you fought on
Dustbowl. Will you:
Fire your Particle Disruptor at Baal?
Throw the Rack at Baal?
Try to fight off the fly-like creatures?

Turn to 159
Turn to 188
Turn to 139

411
Concentrating hard, you project the force of your will into the
mind of the fly being. Its mind is a confusing swirl of alien
thought patterns, so different that it almost unhinges your
mind. However, it seems the creature is under some other kind
of control, nothing like the mental domination you are familiar
with, rather some kind of binding that has been upon the fly
being for centuries beyond reckoning, something which you are
unable to affect. Then its mind invades yours, as its physical
body settles upon you. The combination of the sight of the
enormous insectoid head, a greenish proboscis, dripping saliva
and digestive juices, reeking of decay, descending towards you
and the mental union with a creature whose mind is unutterably
alien, sends you stark raving mad and you are unable to feel as it
slowly sucks your body dry.

412
You split up at the junction wishing each other good luck. You
move on down the centremost tunnel cautiously, your
flamethrower at the ready. You come to the Mining Control
Centre, scanning it carefully. It is deserted. You cross it to the
lift to the mines. You pass your hand over a small beam of light,
and the lift door slides open. You step back, but it is empty. You
walk in and the door closes noiselessly behind you. Disregarding
Bragg's warning in your quest for the final segment of the Rack,
you select the lowest level and the lift begins to drop with gut
wrenching speed, and after a few minutes it comes to a stop.
Turn to 151.

413
You wait until the lights have dimmed and a blanket of silence
has fallen over the Dome, save for the quiet thrum of the
generators. You creep up the corridor. Light seeps out from

around Achov's door. He is still up. As you pass his room you
hear a faint sound, as if of a muffled shriek from far away and a
soft squelching sound. Suppressing your curiosity, you come to
the lab and, opening the door, you glide in silently. You turn on a
lamp and search the lab in the dim light. To your consternation
you cannot find the Rack segment anywhere, but you do find
the egg. It has split open and a thick reddish mucus has spread
from it, dripping onto the floor of the lab with a slow, rhythmic
splatter. You stare at it, fascinated, for several long seconds.
Suddenly there is a sound behind you and you spin to face it. At
the doorway stands Tsu Tsang, looking at you sideways, head
cocked oddly, the light green pinpricks in her eyes. Her posture
is rather stiff and jerky and an eerie shiver goes up your spine.
She seems unnatural in some way. She steps towards you. Make
a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 3, 4 or 6, turn to 102
If you score 2 or 5, turn to 122

414
You shake yourself out of your shocked horror. You must
defend yourself as the creature continues to change, the head
crunching in on itself and forming a huge gaping maw where
the shoulders and neck should be, snapping convulsively. Will
you:
Thinkstrike the hideous apparition?
Go for your blaster?

Turn to 405
Turn to 394

415
You watch your suit readout for any changes in the Environment Control function, but it remains stable and you arrive at
Falcon's Wing safely. Turn to 100.

416
You see the ship moored at the harbour is the Dustskate. You
walk up the gangplank. A sailor, supposedly on watch, is snoring
loudly, sitting with his back to one of the harpoon guns. The
Dustskate carries two on port and starboard. Gently you wake
him and ask for the captain. Irritably, he points the way to his
cabin and goes back to sleep. Knocking on the door and entering,
you see a burly red-bearded man, going to fat, his feet upon the
desk, talking to another man he calls the Bo'sun. 'What can I do

for you, Offworlder?' he says. You explain to him your
intention to hire Dustskate for a scientific expedition and the
details of your fictitious corporation. He nods, turning to the
Bo'sun he says, These Offworlders are quite mad of course, but
their money is good, eh? Sure we'll take you. 2,000 placs now,
5,000 when we return. Deal?' You pay him the money and he
arranges for your 'diving bell' to be loaded aboard. He introduces
himself as Captain Cresap Ord, and soon the Dustskate is under
way, its great sails unfurled, skudding out across the Sea of
Dust. You notice one or two of the men eyeing you strangely,
and you resolve to be on your guard. You are shown to your
cabin, a functional steel room with one low bunk against the far
wall. Taking no chances, you decide to sleep with your blaster
under the pillow. Turn to 43.

417
You try to twist away, but the shock of seeing Yelov has slowed
your reactions and his clawed hand smashes into your side,
cracking a rib and tumbling you to the ground. Lose 9 Endurance
points. Lynx reacts with lightning speed. She was trained in
unarmed combat by Yelov, and grabs his arm, using his arm's
impetus to throw him through the air. He lands well and, rolling
to his feet, is running east towards Culp's Hill before you can
act. Turn to 8.

418
The bolt narrowly misses you and strikes the floor of the cavern
with a loud crash. Turn to 35.

419
[Score a J]
Moving onto the slab you are relieved to find that you have not
set off any trap. You step off the stone grid in front of the altar.
Turn to 134.

420
Some hours later, you are rested and sitting in Jobanque's office,
relating the story of your mission to your Section Chief. When
you have finished he says: 'A remarkable tale, Falcon. You are
indeed our most resourceful agent. Once again, the Federation indeed all the peoples of the known universe - owe their
freedom to you. Who knows what crimes Baal would have
perpetrated in his lust for ultimate power! The Cavers have had
some unfortunate changes in their past, but they know you

prevented the situation from getting worse. Much worse. The
government of Cave, that is to say, the reigning Mother, has
sent her personal thanks to you. However, not all the news is
good. Agent Lynx is in hospital; she was on Yelov's trail, but he
got the better of her. He's still at large somewhere, but keeping
very quiet. Anyway, go and have some rest now Falcon, you've
earned it!' A few days later, you receive a message asking you to
go and see Jobanque again. When you arrive, you can see
maintenance men going in and out of his office. Going in you
can see it is being cleared out.
Jobanque is standing behind his desk, directing operations.
Seeing you he says, 'Falcon, good to see you.' He pauses for a
moment, smiling at you'. Then he says, 'I've been kicked upstairs,
Falcon. They've selected me to be the Earther Lord of TIME,
along with Silvermane, Pilota and R1llk of the Keladi! I've also
got something for you, Falcon,' and he hands you a sheet of
paper. It is an official TIME document. Your heart leaps as you
realise you have been promoted to Section Chief, taking over
from Jobanque's position. 'Agents Bloodhound, Lynx, Leopard,
Chameleon and the rest are all under your command now,
Falcon,' Jobanque says happily. 'Congratulations, Section Chief!
Before you go, I've one last surprise for you,' and he opens the
door. Standing there, grinning, is Braxton Bragg, looking a little
older, but much the same, preserved by life-prolonging drugs.
He smiles warmly and grabs your hand, shaking it vigorously.
'Good to see you again, after all these years. Falcon. Jobanque
has told me all about it. I've always wondered who you were, a
Time Traveller, eh! Never would've guessed it back on Chill in a
million years.' You leave the TIME building together. He tells
you he owns the Mining Company now and you reminisce
about what he calls the 'Old Days' together, That thing
certainly gave us a hard time, eh, Falcon.' But, of course, for him
it was fifty-eight years ago, whilst for you it has only been a
matter of days....

SCORING FOR FALCON 2: MECHANON
If you have played Falcon 2: Mechanon and would like to rate your
skill as an Agent of TIME, here are the points equivalent of the
letters you should have recorded.
Q = -1 J = -1 A = +1 M = +1 N = +1 G = +1
T = +l L = - 1 I = -1 Y = -1 F = +l H = +l

If your score was:
-4 or below
You are offered a job you can't refuse - tying Silvermane's
bootlaces.
0 to -3
Demoted to Cadet - 'Get back to the Academy, Falcon.'
1-2
Take a three-week refresher course at the Academy.
3-5
Congratulations, you deserve your place in the Special Agent
Section.
6-7

Well done, a highly competent performance - your hologram
has gone up in the Hall of Fame.

8-10
You're the best agent TIME has ever had - you're on-line for
promotion.
15+
As long as you're alive, Earth is safe.

