Also by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson in Sphere Books:
FALCON 1: THE RENEGADE LORD
FALCON 2: MECHANON
FALCON 3. THE RACK OF BAAL

Falcon 4:
Lost in Time
MARK SMITH AND JAMIE THOMSON

Scanned and compiled by Underdogs
Home of the Underdogs
http://www.the-underdogs.org/

SPHERE BOOKS LIMITED
London and Sydney

EARTH 3033 AD

First published in Great Britain by
Sphere Books Ltd 1985
30-32 Gray's Inn Road, London WCIX 8JL
Copyright © 1985 by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson
Illustrations by Geoff Senior and Nic Weeks

A third of the land's surface is populated with cities which
stretch miles up towards the Ionosphere and are also tunnelled
deep into the Earth's crust.
The world is united - war within the atmosphere of a single
planet can only lead to total destruction. Government is carried
out by Executives, each having full powers within a certain area.
The Food, Health, Pleasure and Enforcement Executives are
centred in Alpolis, a city covering what was once an independent
country - Switzerland - and it is here that the most recent
Executive, TIME, exists.
People live for fun, not to work. Most tasks are performed by
robots, so life is quite easy. Only 10% of the population still
works, and then only for fun or out of a sense of social duty.
Food is plentiful, the main source being a fungus grown in huge
vats under artificial light. Luxury foods, such as meat, are a
rarity. Communications have improved so as to transform
society: holophones connect all homes across the Space
Federation so it is possible to be in direct contact with many alien
species light years across space. Travel on Earth is done by
hovrail, jetcopter or stratocruiser, so that the longest journey
need take no more than an hour.

This book is sold subject to the condition that
it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent,
re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without
the publisher's prior consent in any form of
binding or cover other than that in which it is
published and without a similar condition
including this condition being imposed on the
subsequent purchaser.
Set in Andover
Printed and bound in Great Britain by
Collins, Glasgow

The average Earther lives for two hundred and fifty years and
the ageing process only begins during the last fifty years of life.
Life-prolonging drugs, called Anagathics, are freely available,
and transplant surgery is now a simple operation. Unfortunately, because people live longer, there are many
problems. There is overcrowding and very little to do which has
resulted in a rapid increase in violent crime. With so many
people needing new hearts, lungs and other organs there is a
shortage of spare parts for use in transplant surgery, so the
Enforcement Executive has passed a Termination Code. All
violent crimes are punishable by painless death. The Enforcement Executive has had sensors set up to catch criminals,
especially Bodybrokers who deal illegally in organs for surgery.
If Energy Weapons are used by criminals, for instance, a police
jetcopter will be there in seconds.

Earth, using Hyperdrive, faster-than-light travel, has established itself as head of the Space Federation, which includes all
the earth colonies and alien planets. The Navy patrols the
colonies: Lastlanding, Proxima Centauri, Ascension and so on,
as well as the alien worlds: Kelados, Sundew, Dyskra, Clyss,
Rigel Prime, the Hive and others. Contact with alien life forms is
commonplace and the colony ships of the twenty-fourth
century are still approaching the centre of the galaxy.
How to Travel in Time
Travel through time involves crossing a fourth dimension,
'Null-space' or the 'Void' as it is known. This dimension joins all
points in time and space from the beginning of the universe to
its end. Imagine time as a cable. Earth's Timeline (or past,
present and future) is a single strand of this cable stretching
from Earth's beginning to the end of time. The Timelines of
other planets run alongside this and weave around each other,
because events on one planet affect things on another. These
strands, or Timelines, are insulated from the fourth dimension
in the same way that an electrical wire is insulated. At certain
points there are holes in the insulation allowing travel from one
point on the wire through this hole to a different point on this or
another wire. In this way a Time Machine may move from one
Timehole' to another and from one point in space to another via
Null-space.
The Timeholes are formed when the fabric of time is damaged
by unknown forces. They can be larger, but are usually less than
five miles across. Timeholes come and go as new damage occurs
and older Timeholes close up naturally. The Monitoring Section
is responsible for keeping the map of current Timeholes. At
least one hole has been there for a long time - the Eiger Vault,
near the TIME Building in the Alps. It is thought to be a
permanent Timehole and your Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is
kept there along with those of the Lords of TIME and other
Agents. Some Timeholes are safer than others and it is possible
to go back in time only to find that the hole through which you
travelled has closed up, trapping the unfortunate traveller in the
past. Time passes at the same rate in all Timeholes as on Earth. If
you begin a journey to a Timehole ten minutes after somebody
else does you will arrive ten minutes later than them. Only
those with Psychic Awareness can navigate across Null-space.

Game Rules
ATTACK

In certain paragraphs you will have the chance to attack an
enemy. When you choose to do so, you will be asked to make an
Attack Roll. To do this, roll two dice and add the numbers
together. You will be told which paragraph to turn to next,
depending on your score. In all combats you are more likely to
succeed if your score is high than if it is low.
ATTACK MODIFIER

Whenever you make an Attack Roll you must add or subtract
your Attack Modifier to the dice score. Your Attack Modifier
may change as the adventure unfolds and you should keep a
note of this on your Agent Profile (see pages xx-xxi). To begin
with your Attack Modifier is zero.
EVASION

In certain cases you may need to avoid the attack of an enemy or
escape from a difficult situation. You will be asked to make an
Evasion Roll, to which you must add or subtract your Evasion
Modifier. This works in the same way as the Attack Roll and
Attack Modifier as described above. Your initial Evasion
Modifier is also zero.
CHANCE

There are moments in any agent's career when pure luck will
play its part. On such occasions you will be asked to make a
Chance Roll. Roll one die. You will then be instructed to turn to
a new paragraph.
POWERS Of THE MIND

Some paragraphs will offer you the chance to make a mental
attack, either a Thinkstrike or Power of Will. Make an Attack
Roll, just as if you were attacking normally, but add or subtract
your Thinkstrike or Power of Will Modifier, not your Attack
Modifier. In all other ways mental attacks work in the same way
as a physical attack. To begin with your Thinkstrike and Power
of Will Modifiers are zero, as noted on your Agent Profile.
PSYCHIC AWARENESS

Your Psychic Awareness operates at all times and you will be
told when you have discovered anything of interest.

ENDURANCE

You, Falcon, start the adventure with 20 points of Endurance. If
you are wounded in combat, suffer something unpleasant such
as an acid atmosphere without a space suit, or become
exhausted, you will lose Endurance points. A running total of
your Endurance should be kept on your Agent Profile. If at any
time you fall to zero Endurance or less you are dead and your
adventure is over. Endurance points can be regained by visiting
the Autodoc in your Time Machine (see equipment list) and you
will be told when you can use your Autodoc.
SCORING
You will notice as you use this book that certain paragraph
numbers are followed by a letter in brackets. If you wish to score
your performance as Special Agent Falcon, you will need to
make a list of the letters following these numbers on the box
provided on your Agent Profile every time you come to one of
these paragraphs. If you should be killed or fail in your
adventure, you should delete your current recorded letters except
for all the Qs which must be kept and begin again. Each letter
corresponds to a score, and you will be given a rating, depending
on what the total of your scores is. The letter scores may be
found at the back of the fifth book of this series, The Dying Sun.
This is necessary, since printing the scores in this book would
allow you to find out what the right decisions to take in this
adventure are!

that will draw the Time Traveller up into the cabin, to rest on
the Access Disc. This disc is matter but is changed to air as you
move through it by the Molecular Convertor (see Item 4). The
pressurised cabin is lined with instruments and gadgets. The
crash-couch is moulded to fit your shape and can be moved up to
the command console or up into the Flyer (see Item 6).
The air inside the machine is kept pure by the life support unit
and can be flushed out and replaced within ten seconds. The
Main Access will work only when its Memory Scanner
recognises your own brain patterns. Specially sensitive cameras
and power floodlights are mounted on top of the Machine. The
Variac Drive, which forces the Machine into null-space, is
housed beneath the deck and is controlled through your
computer (CAIN, see Item 7).
ITEM 2: HOLOGRAM GENERATOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Hologram Generator very important if the First Law of TIME is to be obeyed. The
Generator changes the appearance of the Machine by casting a
hologram around it, so the computer can make the Machine
look like a small wood, hayrick or grassy hill etc, which is very
lifelike unless you are within two metres of the Machine itself.
This stops people in history being curious at the sight of a highly
technological machine.
ITEM 3: HOLO-DETECTOR

Equipment
Standard Issue for TIME Special Agents
ITEM 1: MODEL A3 TIME MACHINE [see accompanying specifications]
Your own Time Machine, Falcon's Wing, is silver with bright
scarlet markings and is the eleventh machine capable of travel
through time ever built. Its cost cannot be computed, since it
involves the use of certain materials and scientific skills which
are priceless. The silver and scarlet hull will withstand
enormous pressure, heat and exposure to harmful gasses and
liquids, as well as providing protection from radiation.
The six hydraulic legs which support the machine are extended
when it materialises in a new Timehole, to provide stability on
uneven ground. The Main Access is operated by invisible
Tractor Beams (energy beams that can be used to grip and lift)

Due to the existence of Hologram Generators you may find it
difficult to see other Time Machines. As a member of the Time
Police you have been given a Hologram-detector which is
portable and operates to a range of fifty metres. This will reveal
the presence of a hologram and therefore another Time
Machine.
ITEM 4: MOLECULAR CONVERTOR

Each Time Machine is equipped with a Molecular Convertor, a
device which uses the rarest of all elements, Polybdenum, as its
fuel. Small articles, placed in the Convertor, are transformed
into whatever the computer decides. In this way, Time
Travellers have disguises which allow them to pass undetected
amongst the intelligent beings of other times. CAIN, your
computer, carries information about the Timeholes shown on
your map, so that the blueprints required by the Convertor to

TIME MACHINE

TIME MACHINE

make the disguises accurate, are usually available. Your Psionic
Helmet, for instance, can be turned into a legionary's helmet,
while keeping its modern powers.
ITEM 5: AUTODOC [see accompanying specifications]
This is a couch-like device which has needles, a drip, a blood
supply and surgical robo-arms. You may lie in the Autodoc
during the time taken to travel from one Timehole to another,
for instance, and come out healed, restoring your Endurance by
up to twelve points. You will be told when you can use your
Autodoc.
ITEM 6: FLYER [see accompanying specification]
Your crash-couch swivels up onto the platform of your flyer
when you wish to use it. The flyer is a small hover raft which is
catapulted out of the Time Machine through the Launch Doors,
two sections on top of the hull that slide apart. Once safely away
from the Machine the Ion Drive can be cut in, giving the flyer a
top speed many times the speed of sound (Mach 6). It can hover
which allows you to use it as an observation platform, but it is
too small to carry a Hologram Generator and should only be
used when strictly necessary. Fortunately, its Ion Drive is
almost soundless. You are also issued with a Homing Beacon,
which, when activated, will make the flyer move to its location
as quickly as possible. The flyer is then piloted by its micro
computer. The Beacon is magnetic, and about the size of a die.
ITEM 7: CAIN [Cybernetic Artificial Intelligence Nexus]
CAIN is one of the most advanced computers known to man. Its
data banks offer information on all subjects and historical data
on all Federation and alien planets. Its memory banks are
continuously updated with information concerning the Timeholes and it is able to link with the massive memory banks of the
TIME Service Computer at the Eiger Vault. A Holophone,
through which you can contact any other Holophone in the
Federation, is built into CAIN and you also have access to most
of the files kept by TIME. CAIN answers to your spoken
commands and runs the Time Machine for you. It can display
information visually, via the terminal screen, or verbally, using
its melodic chimes.
ITEM 8: BLASTER [see accompanying specifications]
This is your Standard Starship Trooper issue Plasma Pistol. It

FLYER

FLYER

BLASTER

fires superheated plasma to a range of 100 metres, and the
Energy Pack is sufficient for ten minutes' continuous use. You
have more Energy Packs in your weapons locker. Your blaster is
labelled, 'For use in exceptional circumstances only'.
ITEM 9: PSIONIC ENHANCER [see accompanying specifications]
This helmet helps your Powers of the Mind by damping all other
thoughts. It senses when you want to use your power and
activates automatically.
ITEM 10: ENVIRONMENT SUIT [see accompanying specifications]
A light, pressurised suit for use in vacuum, inhospitable
atmospheres and extreme ranges of temperature which
monitors your life signals such as pulse and temperature. It is
compatible with your Psionic Enhancer.
Personal Background
Special Agent (TIME)
Codename: Falcon
For three years you have studied at the Academy as a cadet
attached to TIME: the Temporal, Investigative and Monitoring
Executive, and you have passed the difficult training programme with flying colours. You have been selected from the
Academy to be a Special Agent because of your unusual talents,
having been born with Powers of the Mind: you can sense
things that others can't and even influence their actions
through thought alone. These powers have been strengthened
and focussed during your training and you have been issued
with a Psionic Enhancer, a helmet which increases these mental
powers. You have been taught to attack the minds of others
with a blast of mental energy you call Thinkstrike. Your Power
of Will allows you to control the minds of those weaker than
you, and your Psychic Awareness allows you to sense things
that others cannot, including the presence of another with such
mental powers. This Psychic Awareness also lets you navigate
your Time Machine through time and space. Few have such
powers and even fewer are trusted with one of the small
number of Time Machines in existence.
You are expert in survival - including combat - armed and
unarmed. History and detective powers of deduction have also
been major subjects of study. You are now an Agent in the Time
Police, whose job is to guard the Timelines of the past and to

PSIONIC ENHANCER

ENVIRONMENT SUIT

ensure that no one tampers with past events in any way that
would change things as they are now.
TIME, the Temporal Investigative and Monitoring Executive,
was set up in Alpolis forty years ago shortly after Time Travel
was as discovered. The realisation that anyone with access to Time
Travel could change the past so that the entire human race
might cease to exist was worrying, so Time Machines were built
for the Time Police in their crystal domed TIME headquarters,
in order to stop this. TIME is headed by five Lords, representing
the most powerful groups in the Space Federation. Each of these
has Powers of the Mind, and their own Time Machine.
The Executive is divided into four sections: Administrative,
Research, Monitoring and the Special Agent Section (or SAS).
The Monitoring Section, headed by Section Chief Jobanque, is
responsible for noting any disturbances in the past, or
Timelines, of the planets in the Federation. The Research
Section, headed by Section Chief Skirrow, is responsible for all
equipment used by Special Agents and is also examining the
possibilities of travel into the future, as yet impossible. Your
own Special Agent Section is headed by Section Chief Agidy
Yelov, a Siriun humanoid from the Federation member planet,
Sirius Secundus. Agidy Yelov and others have told you the
importance of the First Law of TIME when on active service: 'A
TIME Agent must, in all cases, act naturally according to the
time in which he is currently operating, thus minimising any
Disruption of the Timelines his or her presence might be
causing'. As Yelov once said to you: There's no point in coming
back to 3033 if you have left an atomic hand gun near Hitler's
bunker, because this would change the present - in fact, you'd
probably find you had never existed!' As with all Special Agents,
your bloodline has been traced back, in your case to the French
Revolution in 1789 AD. Should any one of your ancestors fail to
produce the next in line it would be as if you had never existed.
The rules are very simple - you could almost play this book
without reading them at all. But reading the Personal
Background and, of rourse, the Mission Brief will help you to
understand what is happening as you begin the adventure. If
you come across something you don't understand, don't worry,
check the Equipment List and this may give you a clue. If not,
carry on anyway, it will probably become clear later.

AGENT PROFILE:

Mission Brief
It is April 1st 3034. On this day you are to attempt to make
history by piloting your model A3 Time Machine into the farfuture. No one has yet undergone Future Travel successfully. It
was on the day of Agidy Yelov's escape from the confinement
section of the Eiger Vault that TIME Lord Pilota made the most
recent attempt. She set her Time Machine to travel to Earth in
the year 4000 AD but it remained firmly rooted in the present of
3033 AD. Pilota, however, suffered severe disorientation as the
Variac Drive of her machine cut in, carrying her into the void of
null-space for what seemed to her like seventeen days. When
she stepped out of the machine no more than an instant of real
time had passed, yet she had thought that she was forever lost in
the nothingness of null-space, doomed to a lifetime of boredom,
until supplies of food in the Time Ship's nutrition dispenser
were used up. After two months of convalescence in free-fall on
Spiro's Ringworld she bravely volunteered to undertake
another mission, but it was decided by the other Lords of TIME,
the Keladi, R'rrllk and Silvermane the Rigellian, that too much
danger was involved. No TIME Lord will be risked on so
dangerous a mission.
Following your success against the Supervillain Baal you have
been promoted. As the new leader of the Special Agent Section
of TIME, you were responsible for finding an experienced Time
Traveller to undertake Future-Travel. Not wishing to place one
of your agent's lives at risk you yourself have volunteered. As
you tidy your desk before setting out for the Eiger Vault you
calculate your chances of success. Skirrow's techs claim to have
overcome the problem of leaving null-space to enter a future
timehole, and, you reflect, it would be bad for morale if you
ordered one of the agents you have so recently been promoted
above to what many would claim was certain death. As you
speak the word which engages your desk's timelock, your mind
is made up. You will be the first Future-Traveller of all time, or
die trying. Turn to 1.

1 [Score a Q]
Inside the cavernous Eiger Vault there is absolute quiet. A group
of five people await you near Falcon's Wing. The tall form of
Lord Pilota, the Lastlander, her body braced by an artificial
exoskeleton against the gravity of Earth, moves towards you
with an eery mechanical grace. Her face, pale and drawn, still
reflects the horror she went through when she believed for
seventeen days that she was entombed alone in the void of nullspace forever. 'May all your landings be happy ones,' she says by
way of wishing you good luck.
Agent Bloodhound volunteers to take your place. You use your
powers of Psychic Awareness to explore Bloodhound's thoughts
and you can tell that in the deepest parts of his mind he is hoping
you will not allow him to try Future Travel, although you
cannot help but admire his selfless courage in offering.
No Blood, I need you here, you have primary responsibility for
Dyskra and Rigel Prime now, as well as Proxima Centauri and
Earth prior to the Dark Ages.'
He nods but adds, jokingly; 'Who needs anyone with you
around, Falcon, they'll make you Emperor of the Federation
next.'
You are about to reply in the same jocular vein when Skirrow,
head of the Research Section of TIME, takes your arm. He
seems nervous as he tells you that he believes his technicians
have solved the problem of emerging in the future. 'Of course,'
he continues, 'what we cannot know is how easy it will be to
come back again.' He shrugs his shoulders, his blue eyes looking
disarmingly innocent. You thank him tersely, wish Lord Pilota
and Bloodhound well and allow the two technicians who have
checked every instrument and component of Falcon's Wing, to
help you into your crash-couch. Soon you are alone and a sense
of grim foreboding grips you as your mind wanders across the
seas of time and space, searching, using your Psychic
Awareness, for the timehole in Earth's future, 4000 AD. Turn
to 14.

2
You decide to leave the city as quickly as you can and return to
Falcon's Wing. You reach the timeship which is still disguised as

an olive tree and are drawn up inside before anybody has
ventured over the bridge to spy. You take off your suit and ask
CAIN to prepare something more suitable before returning to
the city. Note whether you don a toga like those worn by the
people of ancient Rome, a cloth of gold suit and a bishop's hat or
mitre, or armour and a sword. You wait for a couple of hours,
scanning the bridge with your camera, until you hope things
have settled down again inside the city, before crossing the
bridge once more. You decide to investigate one of the two
doorways beneath the bridges of the awesome and weird
building that dominates the riverfront. Will it be:
The doorway beneath the pillared temples?
The same doorway as before, beneath the
sign of the colourful ten-spoked
wheel?

Turn to 128
Turn to 119

3
After an hour Falcon's Wing rematerialises inside the Eiger
Vault. The digital clock reads 3034, the day after you left for
4000 AD. You cheer and CAIN chimes, 'Congratulations,
Falcon, you can still pilot the Time Machine after all.' You are
about to step out onto the Access Disc when, to your horror, the
ship winks back out into null-space. Minute after minute passes
and CAIN reports a Variac Drive malfunction. A chill steals over
you at the prospect of spending an eternity in the void with only
CAIN to talk to. After a quarter of an hour's panic, however,
Falcon's Wing rematerialises and your scanners confirm that
you are safe within the Eiger Vault. You decide to call Jobanque,
the Lord of TIME, on the holophone. As you expected he is in his
palatial new office, awaiting news. He grins widely at the sight
of you and says, 'Back already, Falcon? You must be tired, go
back to your quarters, we can debrief you tomorrow.' And with
that he breaks holophone contact. You yawn, relaxing, and then
leave Falcon's Wing for your quarters. The guards salute you on
the way out and order a hovrail car, but there is no warmth in
their greeting, although they must have known the nature of
your mission. As you get into the car, you are surprised to find
its inside covered in luminous green graffiti which glows eerily
in the tunnels: 'Death to the Enforcers', 'Join the one in ten' and
'Where are the thousands in the Tau Ceti mines? Ask the
question in a loud voice, join the one in ten to rid the Federation
of our tyrant oppressors!' You have only before seen graffiti in

museums. Someone must have been missed in the last psychic
scan. Normally psychos are given new thought patterns before
they can get so dangerous, unless a lowlifer somehow got into
the car... At last you pull up near the luxury SocWork pyramid
where your glossy new apartment awaits you on the 109th
floor. Turn to 13.

4
You find yourself forced to struggle out of the buckled cockpit of
the flyer and as you do so the heads of the beautiful flowers turn
towards you as if watching. They are eight feet tall and bizarrely
menacing and as you stand rigidly at attention you realise that
they are the Sundew. They are indeed intelligent and they are
combining their mental powers to control you. Hundreds of
them hold your will in a mental vice. They realise that you must
have come from another planet and they wish to absorb your
knowledge of space travel. You can still control your thoughts to
a small extent. Will you:
Try to pretend that you are nothing more
than a simple laboratory animal used in
tests?
Think that unless they set you free
Federation Starships will destroy them?

Turn to 335
Turn to 363

5
It is pleasantly cool inside the crystal monolith, but your
shoulders hunch tensely as you put on the strange bowl-shaped
helmet which is connected to the incubator by slender fleshy
fibres. It is part of a Thought Transference machine and you are
being plugged into the floating black brain. The brain is an
organic computer, called Ormon, and it thinks it is a god. As you
scan its memory banks you find that it is probably a very evil
god, full of malignity and horrors of the imagination. Suddenly
you feel yourself to be in a waking dream. Your worst childhood
nightmares are coming to life all around you. Everything is so
chillingly real that if you are not careful you will go insane. Will
you:
Try to block the apparitions out of your
mind?
Allow them to go on but force yourself to
remember that they are imaginary?

Turn to 270
Turn to 283

6
If you wish to remind Carborundum that you became silica
brothers on Thrix nearly two centuries ago, turn to 33. If not,
turn to 211 as you wanly follow the Thrix downhill.

7 [Score a D]
Your suit smoulders and blackens but you make it back to your
flyer safely and lose no time in heading for Falcon's Wing. You
quickly haul the flower up into the flyer's cockpit and take off
again. You are aware as you go that your thoughts are still being
probed so you force yourself to dwell upon the might of the
Space Federation's navy until you are well out over the
permafrost at the planet's pole. Falcon's Wing is so well
camouflaged that you are forced to call up CAIN to guide the
flyer in. At last you are safe within the Time Ship and analysing
parts of the Sundew. You describe what happened to CAIN in
detail, but its only response is: 'It seems likely that you have
made a powerful enemy for the Earth Federation.' A little later,
however, CAIN gives the results of the tests on the plant. The
5undew are long-lived and highly intelligent, with Powers of
:he Mind which rival even those of the Hivers. They are also
able to throw small poison darts from the tops of their stalks. If
you are suffering from a skin irritation, you may use the
crushed petals to make a healing balm which will cure the
complaint and restore all of your modifiers by one point. You may also
keep some of the virulent poison from the darts, if you wish.
Bearing in mind the dangers posed by the Sundew you decide to
leave the planet. Turn to 280.

8 [Score a D]
Using the information you have gained, CAIN is able to identify
the planet from the data supplied by one of the Andromeda
probes. You are on the planet Zorgon in the Andromeda galaxy,
many light years from Earth. If you can trust CAIN's circuits,
then you are still in the future; the digital readout shows 3747
AD. As you use your Psychic Awareness to scan time and space
for the timehole on Earth in 3034, the knowledge of your
current time and place is of great benefit, but for some reason
the past timeholes seem hazy. It may be the great distance
involved, but you cannot be sure exactly where, or when, you
will rematerialise. You cannot set co-ordinates for Earth in 3034
AD but you can attempt to get nearer to Earth. The choices
appear to be between a large, high-gravity world which seems to

be without life, and a world which could just possibly be Earth in
the Dark Ages or the days of a lost civilisation. You type in your
chosen co-ordinates and instruct CAIN to engage the Variac
Drive. You may use the Autodoc now, if you need to. In the
stillness of the void, CAIN gives you some further information.
It seems that a fault may be developing in the Variac Drive itself,
something which it is quite beyond you to rectify. CAIN
reminds you that you have now used three of the eight
polybdenum rods which Falcon's Wing carries. Each time you
use the Variac Drive to shift you to another timehole, another
rod will be used up. If you have not reached Earth in 3034 AD
within your next five jumps you probably never will. You can
only hope that your choice has taken you close to home. If you
choose the large, high-gravity world, turn to 34. If you choose
the world which could just possibly be Earth in the Dark Ages,
turn to 55.

9 [Score a K]
Soon after the battle of wills begins you realise that your
double's efforts are having no effect on you. The tear-drop
gem's magic is miraculously protecting you from the power of
your opponent's will. At length your double realises the futility
of the struggle and tries to Thinkstrike instead, but the loss of
concentration gives you total victory and you look into your
double's mind. What you see is so shocking that you almost lose
your sanity. Your minds are identical apart from small details.
You have had exactly the same experiences, both have been
responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord, both have
Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him in an
alternative history on the world of Mechanon. Your double
remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you see the world slightly
differently. The other Falcon's world seems more sinister than
yours. He believes that a mining colony on Tau Ceti V has been
wiped out but you know that no such colony exists. You recoil in
shock as you realise that the other Falcon is a carbon copy of
yourself, even dressed the same.
You examine the apartment. Everything is exactly as you left it
before you began this mission. A half-eaten pack of berries of
the wood mousse, your favourite food, rests next to the
nutrition dispenser, and some of your old hovbike racing
holovids lie on the suspensi-bed, as if your double had been
passing free time exactly as you would have. Only one detail

catches your attention. The random number generator which
tells you whether you have won a free trip to one of the holiday
worlds shows a new number even though it should not show
one until the middle of next month. Your control of your double
slips for a moment and you realise the auto-alarm button has
been pressed as you hear the wail of an Enforcer's jetcopter. You
race down to the plasteel street below the SocWork building;
you are on the run now. Will you:
Call up Jobanque, the Lord of Time who used
to be your Section Leader?
Turn to 370
Go back to the Eiger Vault to consult with
CAIN?
Turn to 379
Leave the building and lose yourself in the
lowlife area, Old Geneva, to give yourselftime to think?
Turn to 388

10
You throw yourself off the throne and make your way back
down the crystal corridor, but the walls have moved and you are
forced to turn a corner into a dead end, almost bumping into
Jahkela, 'You are not the Saviour,' she says, and thrusts her
sword at your face plate before you can collect your thoughts. It
glows blue-green and a massive shock overloads your brain.
You are left wandering like a mindless idiot to die in the sand
when your air supply runs out.
11

You manage to get to Yelov's machine without him spotting you
and set your blaster in the ground, aiming up at its Access Disc
on constant discharge, then slink back to Falcon's Wing hoping
you can jump back to the Eiger Vault in 3034 AD. You are about
to make the jump when all goes dark. You have disabled Yelov's
machine, but it will be found when the hologram generator is
destroyed. Yelov is trapped and he kills himself but Time Travel
is invented too early. You have changed history and your life as
Falcon never happened. Instead you are the leader of a hovbike
gang in the lowlife area of Old Geneva.

12
As you bend your will against the man in the rainbow robe he
stops gesturing and shouts, 'A sorcerer! Kill the sorcerer!' You
force him to fall from his horse and tell the cavalry men to stay

where they are, in a grating mechanical voice. They wait but you
can see that several are on the verge of attacking you. You
decide to cross the packhorse bridge out of the city and return to
Falcon's Wing, while the man in the coloured robe recovers. As
you approach your Time Ship they charge after you. You feel
your legs go leaden just as you arrive at the illusion of the olive
tree which is your machine. Inside the hologram you are drawn
back up into your ship as you hear the horseman shout, Turned
invisible, I told you it was a sorcerer.' CAIN greets you with, 'I
see you've been getting along well with the natives again.'
'Let's get out of here,' you roar as the microphone picks up a
shout of surprise. One of the cavalry men has got close enough
to see what Falcon's Wing really is.
'Why not give them all the secrets of modern technology while
you are here?' chimes CAIN sarcastically, but you are pushing
the buttons to take you to another timehole. Note that you have
used another polybdenum rod as you slip into the grey
nothingness of null-space once more. Turn to 3.

13
As you enter the lift bay of the SocWork pyramid you almost
bump into special agent Bloodhound. He has three fingers
missing from his left hand. As he spins you round you say,
'Bloodhound, what's happened to your hand?' He gives you a
stare that almost freezes your blood and your Psychic
Awareness tells you that he holds nothing but hate for you in
his heart. He turns and hurries from the building leaving you to
take the lift to your rooms. The door slides open at your touch
and you step into the bright white lounge, coming face to face
with yourself! Turn to 49.
14

At last you are ready and CAIN engages Falcon's Wing's
modified Variac Drive. Everything turns to grey. You can see
through your grey body and through the ghostly transparent
lines of the Time Ship's hull. The ship is a ghostly ball suspended
in a void of absolute nothingness which stretches away in every
direction to infinity. After about an hour, during which time
you wait with mounting tension, the ship rematerialises and the
hydraulic legs slide into position as Falcon's Wing settles with a
bump. CAIN chimes, The date is March 1st, 4000 AD, Falcon.

You are the first human ever to experience Future Travel.'
'Are you suggesting that somewhere aliens have Future
Travel?' you query.
'Incomplete data, I cannot respond,' chimes CAIN. Suppressing
a smugness at the realisation that you have, on this rare
occasion, got the better of the know-all CAIN, you switch on the
outside monitor. Turn to 21.

15
You close off most of your mind as you sense that the plants are
highly intelligent. They are the Sundew and are telepathic, they
have excellent defences and can even move around using the
power of thought. They have realised that you are an alien from
the stars and they try to leech your brain for its knowledge of
space travel. Will you:
Pretend that you are nothing more than a
simple laboratory animal used in tests?
Think that unless they set you free
Federation Starships will destroy them?

Turn to 32
Turn to 57

16
Your scanner shows a disturbance in the air below the trail and
Yelov's time machine materialises, then becomes a grassy
hillock. If you stay where you are, Falcon's Wing will be a sitting
duck, so you decide to go outside to draw Yelov away, hoping to
kill him, after putting on the clothes of a fur-trapper prepared in
the molecular convertor. Turn to 82.
17

CAIN suggests that you type in the co-ordinates of the point in
time and space that you are at now and leave the rest to its 'logic
circuits', if you have no Polybdenum rods left, turn to 287.
Otherwise, note that you have used another rod as Falcon's
Wing warps into null-space. There is an unusual moaning noise
as if the Variac Drive is under stress and you pass another
uncomfortable hour wondering if you will rematerialise at all.
At last the ship becomes solid once more and you turn on the
scanner with a sigh. The sight that greets you is sadly
disappointing. 'I don't think I got things quite right,' chimes
CAIN.

'At least you're not blaming me this time,' you say as you take in
the scene of death and desolation. A woman's body covered in
blood is impaled on the end of a plasteel girder near the camera,
beyond is a twisted mass of ruined buildings and warped
streetmetal. As the camera pans across the devastated cityscape
and the ruins of the Skate-ezee Hovshoe Ballroom come into
view, you are hit by the shocking realisation that this is Alpolis,
your home city. The digital readout shows December 13th, 3044
AD. You decide to go outside in an effort to find out what has
happened. Turn to 26.

18
When Falcon's Wing rematerialises you switch on the outside
camera to scan your new surroundings. The terrain is a
featureless, red expanse of desert, apparently devoid of life, but
with the occasional unusually-shaped out-cropping of rock
against which dunes of reddish sand are piled. CAIN chimes in
saying that you are on the planet Dyskra, it is 1985 AD, so at
least you are back in the past once more. CAIN gives a brief
report on the planet. The dominant life form is the Repnids,
who are intelligent beings; they have a strange fusion of lizardlike skin, tongue and body with a wolf-spider's legs, eight
compound eyes and poisonous fangs, weighing about half a ton
each. They burrow through the soft red rock, inhabiting cities
and tunnels underground, heated by the winds of Dyskra, a
warm world with few seas. CAIN warns that the predatory
Repnids are uncivilised in this era and that it believes there is a
high density of life forms nearby. Will you:
Risk an exploration of this world in the hope
of finding something that will help you?
If you would rather, examine the flux of time
from this new time and place, before
jumping to a new timehole?

Turn to 36
Turn to 45

19 [Score an H]
Ormon asks you to explain and you point out that since the
people of Sandsea live in the way that he tells them to, he can
mould them into whatever type of people he wishes. You can
feel happiness course through the brain and you know that
Ormon will care for the people of Sandsea again. The grab lifts
the helmet from your head and you realise the interview is over.
You retrace your steps along the crystal corridor and out into

the bright sunlight. Jahkela is on her knees in the sand. 'Jahkela
thanks you, Saviour, the people of Sandsea thank you.' You
reply that it was your pleasure and wish her and her people well.
There is no sign of Yelov so you set out for Falcon's Wing.
Jahkela's land fish looms towards you and you look round in
alarm, but Jahkela motions you to mount it and helps you up
onto its soft back. The floating sensation is hypnotic and you
reach Falcon's Wing in only a few minutes. Jahkela has stayed
with Ormon. There is no sign of Yelov's Time Machine, he must
have left Sandsea already because you can see marks in the sand
where it once stood. The land fish floats away as you are drawn
up into Falcon's Wing. Turn to 409.

20
You scan the tall brown grass anxiously for any sign of Yelov.
Suddenly you catch sight of him aiming his blaster at you from
behind the shelter of a rock. Desperately you roll aside as he
opens fire. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 50
If you score 2-5, turn to 65

21
To your surprise, the camera shows the snow laden slopes of
Mount Eiger. Falcon's Wing is perched precariously on a high
ledge instead of inside the Eiger Vault of the future. Either there
has been a small timeflux, your Psychic Awareness has let you
down, or there is no longer a cavernous hollow inside the
mountain. Cloud swirls suddenly about the ledge and you see
something you have never before witnessed - lightning. An
electrical storm is raging around the mountain tops. Electrical
storms cause interference to holophone communications and
the controlled weather of Earth in 3034 AD with its equal shares
of rain for all save the holiday sunspots does not allow them.
Either the people of 4000 AD enjoy them, or the world's
weather control has failed. Your mission brief called upon you to
return to Earth in 3034 AD as soon as CAIN had confirmed that
you had undergone Future Travel. Will you:
Follow orders and return immediately to
3034 AD?
Try to intercept a holocommunication to see
if you can learn something of this future
Earth?

Turn to 29
Turn to 47

22
You have almost completed the repair work when CAIN
chimes: 'Whatever we are inside is swaying rhythmically. It is
possible that we are inside a plant, not an animal. May I suggest
that you take a sample of the fluid beneath the ship for chemical
analysis?' You complete the repair and, deciding to do as CAIN
suggests, take a container from the nutrition dispenser and
crouch low upon the Main Access Disc which turns to gas
beneath you. The invisible tractor beams lower you towards the
liquid and you reach down to gather some of it, activating the
hatch again so that you are drawn back into Falcon's Wing
without touching the liquid. Pouring it into the analyser you
wait for CAIN to test it. After a minute the console screen
flashes up a list of chemicals. Apparently you are inside the
cavernous fruit of a gigantic plant. There are traces of an irritant
but nothing that would corrode your environment suit. The
flyer hatch door is operational now. Will you:
Try to climb out of the fruit on foot?
Risk damaging the flyer against the fruit's
walls?

Turn to 89
Turn to 149

23
As you concentrate your mind against their leader, the man in
the rainbow robe stops gesturing and speaks the word 'Bow'. To
your consternation, you find yourself bent over, looking at your
feet. He is a true magician and his magic has forced you into a
helpless position. The cavalry men begin to laugh uproariously
at you and three of them bury their swords in your back. No one
will ever know that you were the first Earther to travel into the
future.

24
You concentrate your thoughts to overpower her will, but a
tentacle snakes around your throat, ripping your helmet off.
You try desperately to force Jahkela to call the land fish off, but
its tentacle is choking you and you cannot concentrate. Your
face turns blue and it drops you, lifeless, on the burning sand.

25
The hatch doors whir closed and the life support system flushes
out the contaminated air. You ask CAIN if the flyer hatch doors
are damaged in some way, as they did not close automatically

after the flyer was launched, but CAIN reports that all functions
of Falcon's Wing are fully operational. You prepare to travel
once more through time and space. Turn to 8.

26
As you step onto the twisted streetmetal beneath Falcon's Wing
you wonder what can have happened in the years since you
began your mission. You thread your way between the debris of
shattered buildings and wrecked jetcopters. A huge stratocruiser lies on its side against the ruins of the Health Executive
Hospital. There are no living things anywhere in sight and you
feel sick at heart as you turn up an arcing streetmetal span that
reaches towards the SocWork building. Suddenly there is a loud
whirring ahead of you and a hideous death-machine flies into
sight. Ruby red lasers pulse at intervals from revolving turrets
at each corner of the hovering craft. It seems to be scouring the
ruined city searching for life to destroy. Will you:
Turn back towards Falcon's Wing?
Go to ground below the arcing span of
streetmetal?

Turn to 35
Turn to 48

27
You gain an amazing insight into the minds of these intelligent
plants. They are the Sundew and are telepathic, they have
excellent defences and can even move around using the power
of thought. They realise that you are an alien from the stars and
within seconds they are leeching your brain for its knowledge of
space travel and even time travel. You close off your mind to
them and reach for your blaster, but not before they realise that
you are alone and, most importantly, that no one in the Space
Federation knows where you are. Your environment suit starts
to smoke as they use the crystal lens in the centre of their petals
to focus the sun's rays on you. You run for the flyer, but before
you reach it all goes black. The Sundew have used your
knowledge of space travel to change history. They fought on the
side of the Hivers in the Hive War and Earth was destroyed. It is
as if you never existed.

28
You,feel a thrill of pleasure run through the brain as Ormon
imagines their helpless plight. You are about to protest but the
grab lifts the helmet from your head and disappears into the

alcove. Apparently the interview is over. Bewildered, you
retrace your steps down the corridor to the sand outside the
monolith. The land fish floats just outside and you step out to
one side to avoid touching it and almost collide with Jahkela. Her
expression is murderous as she spits, 'You are no Saviour.' She is
about to lunge at you with her nerve sword. Will you:
Use your "Power of Will to try and control
her?
Try to dodge her blow, then Thinkstrike the
land fish?

Turn to 24
Turn to 42

29
Using your powers of Psychic Awareness you scan the past for
the timehole of the Eiger Vault in 3034 AD, wondering, once
again, why you didn't materialise inside the Vault in the year
4000. As the Variac Drive engages you are sucked into the
uniform greyness of the void. After about an hour in null-space,
Falcon's Wing rematerialises and CAIN chimes:, 'Attention!
Falcon, we are not on Earth, where have you taken us to?' You
shake your head and turn on the outside camera. The vista that
greets you tests your equilibrium training to the utmost.
Falcon's Wing is floating inside a pool of milky juices at the
bottom of a cavernous stomach, the ridged walls of which are
running with droplets of steaming liquid.
'You tell me, CAIN, I set course for the Eiger Vault 3034 AD,
where are we?'
'Insufficient data,' CAIN chimes. Something has gone seriously
wrong. You decide to ask CAIN for a damage report and are
relieved to hear that Falcon's Wing has sustained none. The
camera swivels upwards, under CAIN's direction, and reveals a
circular opening with an edge of what looks like serrated bone
above you. If you are to find out your location you will have to
get outside whatever it is you are in. You don your environment
suit and ask CAIN what your chances are of piloting the flyer
out through the hole above you without crashing into the
stomach wall around you. CAIN responds, 'That will depend
upon your reactions and your judgement. Falcon. An average
human with your flying experience would have no better than a
forty-nine per cent chance of success.' Will you:

Descend on foot into the milky liquid below
Falcon's Wing?
Attempt to use the flyer?

Turn to 89
Turn to 101

30
As you use your Psychic Awareness to probe one of the
magnificent flowers you feel it reading your own thoughts. In a
flash each of the flowers in the vicinity turns abruptly to face
you, as if they were on green necks, not stalks. You stop your
thought probe, then notice that the outside of your environment suit is beginning to smoke. The suit's micro computer
shows you that the air is breathable. Will you:
Strip off your environment suit, in case it is
overheating?
Turn to 127
Use your blaster against the flowers?
Turn to 147
Run back to your flyer and return to Falcon's
Wing?
Turn to 219

31
You crawl stealthily towards the rocky bluff which is in fact
Falcon's Wing, breathing as quickly as you can. You are twenty
metres from it when a movement at the edge of your vision
alerts you. It is Yelov, prone in the grass, and he is aiming his
plasma pistol at you. You spring to your feet and race towards
Falcon's Wing, zig-zagging as you go. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 79
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

32
Your ruse seems to be successful. You sense that the Sundew
believe that you are no more than a laboratory animal, put into
your flyer as an experiment to see if you could survive on their
world. You can feel their contempt, they think of you as lower
than a slave. Suddenly the front of your environment suit
begins to smoke. Its instruments tell you that the air is
breathable. Will you:
Strip it off in case it is overheating?
Climb back into your flyer and return to
Falcon's Wing?
Use your blaster on them?

Turn to 127
Turn to 219
Turn to 147

33

37

You recall memories of your previous meeting with Carborundum and greet the Thrix as your silicon-brother, but its mind
recoils from you as if you have been intolerably rude. With a
shock you remember that you later changed history so that, as
far as Carborundum knows, your meeting never took place. It is
only a strange time paradox that allows you to remember the
worlds of Thrix and Mechanon. Carborundum rolls away into
the yellow fog, and you continue down into the valley alone.
Turn to 61.

The helmet is pulled from your head by the grab. The brain
floats motionless in the incubator as the grab disappears into the
alcove. Apparently the interview is over. Bewildered, you trace
your steps down the crystal corridor, but the walls have moved
and you are forced to turn a corner into a dead end, almost
Dumping into Jahkela. 'You are not the Saviour,' she says, and
thrusts her sword at your face plate before you can collect your
thoughts. It glows blue-green and a massive shock overloads
your brain. You are left wandering like a mindless idiot to die in
the sand when your air supply runs out.

34 [Score a P]
When Falcon's Wing rematerialises you feel as though you have
left your stomach behind because the ship begins to fall rapidly.
The hull pressure warning lights are flashing red and CAIN
chimes, 'We are falling through the sea of gas that surrounds
the planet Jupiter in Earth's solar system, Falcon; the outside
pressure is already thirty Earth atmospheres.' This is the
highest pressure that Falcon's Wing was designed to withstand.
CAIN cannot tell you how far it is to Jupiter's surface or even if
there is anything but a sea of liquified gas at its centre. Will you:
Enter a set of co-ordinates without care for
your destination as long as you can jump
out of Jupiter's gravity well?
Engage the Variac Drive again without
changing the co-ordinates so that you can
slow your rate of fall?

Turn to 111
Turn to 131

35
You sprint back towards Falcon's Wing as the death machine
raises sparks with its lasers on the street behind you. Will you:
Run on?
Dart through a low hole in the side of a
ruined visi-booth factory?

Turn to 63
Turn to 81

36
If you still have your flyer and the flyer hatch doors of Falcon's
Wing are still operational, turn to 92. Otherwise you must
either set out across the desert on foot, turn to 105, or abandon
your idea of exploring Dyskra and jump to another timehole,
turn to 45.

38
You streak back towards Falcon's Wing at a speed far faster than
any of the life forms on this strange planet can match. You
hover gently down through the circular hole at the top of the
great fruit. To your surprise the hatch doors are still open and
you settle the flyer back into position in Falcon's Wing. The
crash-couch swings you down into position in front of the Time
ship's instrument console. If you damaged the hatch doors
when you switched on the flyer's drive, turn to 43. If not, turn to
25.

39
You manage to regain the safety of Falcon's Wing, before Yelov
can realise what has happened. When you disappear the cavalry
men think that you must have been a Red Indian who has
somehow hidden himself and then slunk off. Inside Falcon's
Wing you use the camera to spot Yelov, now crouching hidden
from the cavalry men near the ridge. The cavalry charge on,
their attention firmly fixed on the Red Indians who seem to be
counting them. One of them wheels his horse and canters back
and forth along the ridge. Anxiously you scan the flux of time,
Turn to 90.

40
As you stride amongst the flowers they turn their heads
towards you as if the petals rested on necks rather than stalks,
and are watching you. The beautiful plants are bizarre and
disturbing. You can see no sign of any animal or intelligent
being, but the front of your environment suit suddenly starts to
smoke. Its instruments show that the air is breathable. Will you:

Take the suit off in case it is overheating?
Climb back into your flyer and return to
Falcon's Wing as quickly as possible?
Use your blaster on the flowers?

Turn to 127
Turn to 219
Turn to 147

41
As you begin to speak, you sense thoughts coming from the
plants. It seems they can read yours perfectly, for they know
what you were about to say. If you would like to open your mind
to them completely, turn to 27. If you prefer to shield as much of
your thought as you can, turn to 15.

42
You try to jump back nimbly as Jahkela lunges at you with the
nerve sword. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 406
If you score 2-4, turn to 339

43
CAIN flashes a damage report onto the screen in front of you.
There was a more logical way of using the flyer's power to leave
this place/ it chimes, seeming to carry an edge of disapproval in
its tones.
DAMAGE REPORT

44
The rapier cuts open your chest, but you moved so quickly that
missed the heart. You lose 5 Endurance points as the wound bleeds
heavily. You are buffeted in the side and slip backwards. One of
the others bends to pick up the table which you knocked saying,
'Enough, that should have taught you to mind your manners to
the cavalry men of the Wheel of Chaos.' You turn to see who
buffeted your side. The young girl dressed as a page boy is
wrestling with the man she was threatening with a dagger. He
twists her hand until she drops the blade, then picks it up and
moves to slit her throat. Her eyes, mutely appealing, beseech
you to help her. Will you:
Come to the aid of the young woman by using
your Power of Thinkstrike against the man
who has taken her dagger?
Turn to 303
Leave the drinking house quickly?
Turn to 319

45
You scan the flux of time but still seem to be suffering from
disorientation brought on by travelling into the future and you
only manage to find one new timehole of any interest. It seems
to contain intelligent life on a world that is largely sea, possibly
Kelados in about the year 2300 AD. Note that you ham used up another
polybdenum rod as you jump. Will you:

NOTES No replacement part carried.
Repair requires use of fusion or heat welding
devices.
No fusion or heat welding devices carried.

Jump to the sea-covered world?
Turn to 100
The high-gravity world without life that is
probably at least close to Earth?
Turn to 34
The world which may not be Earth, but
where you have detected highly intelligent
life forms?
Turn to 86
The planet which could just possibly be Earth
in the Dark Ages or the days of a lost
civilisation?
Turn to 55

You will have to hand-crank the hatch doors shut and it will not
be possible to launch the flyer again until they are repaired. Note
that you will need to find a welding tool if you are to repair the
motor and use the flyer again. The life-support system flushes
out the contaminated air and you prepare to travel through time
and space once more. Turn to 8.

It is pleasantly cool inside the crystal monolith, but your
shoulders hunch tensely as you put on the strange bowl-shaped
helmet which is connected to the incubator by slender fleshy
fibres. It is part of a Thought Transference machine and you are
being plugged into the floating white brain. Things become

Flyer hatch door motor burnt out.
RECOMMENDED ACTION
Repair or replace faulty part.

46

clearer to you as you scan its memory. It is an organic computer,
called Ormon, and it is worshipped by the people of this planet,
Sandsea. Jahkela means The Priestess' and she is the only one
allowed into the crystal monolith to hear the commands of the
Lord Ormon. Jahkela's people once possessed an advanced
technology, but when 'Evil' came and the technology was used
to almost wipe each other out, they shunned machines. Only
the priestess is allowed to use the nerve sword, the polished
shield and the silver sceptre, which are all powerful artifacts.
Ormon tells the priestess how to keep her people alive
whenever a natural disaster occurs on Sandsea, but now the
living computer has malfunctioned; it believes Jahkela and her
people are no longer worth preserving. In Sandsea's distant
past, before the Final War, a being, a gleaming gold land fish,
came from the stars to tell Ormon that one day a Saviour, you
Falcon, would arrive and save the people of this world. You can
tell by the emblem which he bore that this being was Special
Agent Chameleon of the SAT of TIME. Your heart leaps as you
realise that Chameleon must have come from your own future
to prepare the way for you here, and that this means you will
find your way back to Earth in 3034 AD. But then you
remember that the timelines can change at any time, things that
have already happened may make success impossible. At any
rate you still have to tread carefully. Will you:
Forget about the inhabitants of Sandsea and
tell Ormon that it can have new 'better'
people to care for if it orders Jahkela to
return you safely to Falcon's Wing?
Tell it that as their god it is responsible for
the way that the people of Sandsea are and
it is up to Ormon to make them 'better'?
Plead on behalf of the people of Sandsea that
they will die horribly without Ormon's
help?

and investigate further when you return to 3034 AD. Will you:
Disconnect CAIN?
Do as it says and return to the Eiger Vault of
3034 AD?

Turn to 64
Turn to 77

48
You duck beneath the warped streetmetal as the death machine
raises sparks with its lasers on the street above. There is rubble
all around you and the bones of people long dead. As your eyes
grow accustomed to the gloom you hear a voice. 'Freeze!' Will
you:
Stay absolutely still?
Spin round and pull your blaster?

Turn to 52
Turn to 67

49
The person springing up from the flexiform couch is your exact
trouble, it is as if you were looking at a holophone image of
yourself, but the shock in your double's eyes gives way to a look
of understanding and malice. Will you:
Ask who this person is?
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe the
other Falcon's mind?
Use your Power of Will to take control?
Thinkstrike your double?

Turn to 60
Turn to 126
Turn to 80
Turn to 97

Turn to 37

50

Turn to 19

The bolt of the plasma scorches through the grass where, until a
moment ago, you lay. You begin sprinting in a zig-zagging run
towards Falcon's Wing, hoping the flux of time has calmed
enough for you to jump to the Eiger Vault in 3034 AD, ducking
each time you sense Yelov is about to fire. Make an Evasion
Roll.

Turn to 28

47
You instruct CAIN to search the holowaves and tune into a holo
broadcast but it chimes, 'Shouldn't we be getting back, Falcon?'
'I want to find out what in the galaxy has caused the weather
control to allow an electrical storm.' CAIN tries to reason with
you, saying that you can apply to the Lords of TIME to return

If you score 6-12, turn to 79
If you score 2-5, turn to 87

51
You stop and search for his thoughts but there are none: it is a
machine. You turn and run, but the machine sprints after you.
As you run up the next ramp towards the cityway it comes up

beneath you and explodes. Holes are torn in the street metal and
you are hurled ten feet into the air as a fireball erupts around
you. Lose 10 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you manage to
limp back to Falcon's Wing which is still undamaged, just as
another of the flying death machines veers towards you. Turn
to 170.

52
You stand absolutely still, your hands on your head, and are
then told to turn round. The man who spoke is pointing a
concussion tube at you. He is young and well built, wearing the
tattered uniform of an Enforcer, but he scarcely looks like one.
His freckled face is lined, as if he were suffering from Medawars
Syndrome, the onset of rapid ageing, but you sense that the
hard eyes are in reality those of a twenty year old. Beside him is a
woman dressed in the uniform of a medtech, but toting an
armour-piercing rocket launcher. She would be beautiful, but
her long black hair is matted and greasy. Their faces are covered
in dark oil and they smell. 'Who are you?' the woman barks. Will
you:
Tell them the truth?
Say that you were just passing through
Alpolis in your flyer when you were
attacked by a laser-firing aircraft?

Turn to 195
Turn to 239

53
As you step towards the nearest flower and snap it off near the
ground the others turn their flowerheads towards you as if the
petals rested on necks rather than stalks, the beautiful plants are
bizarre and disturbing. The front of your environment suit
suddenly starts to smoke. Your suit's instruments show that the
air is breathable. Will you:
Take it off in case it is overheating?
Climb back into your flyer and return to
Falcon's Wing with the plant as quickly as
possible?
Use your blaster on the flowers?

Turn to 127
Turn to 7
Turn to 147

54
Falcon's Wing rematerialises on a sloping North American
prairie, above a narrow trail that winds up towards a ridge. The

digital readout shows that the year is 1866 AD and there is frost
on the ground. 'Earth?' you ask CAIN and it chimes:
The atmosphere is certainly what I would have expected on
Earth in 1866.'
'At last,' you sigh, then search the Winds of Time to see if you
can jump from here to the Eiger Vault in 3034, but the flux of
time has been disturbed and you cannot find a single timehole.
CAIN tells you that you are near Peno Creek at a time when the
Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes of Indians lead by Red
Cloud and Crazy Horse are fighting against the United States'
cavalry in the surrounding areas. CAIN has disguised Falcon's
Wing as a rocky bluff, but you know that if Yelov follows close
on your trail he will find you, using his Psychic Awareness. Will
you:
Sit tight and hope that Yelov cannot or has
not followed you?
Move away from Falcon's Wing and hide until
the flux of time has calmed?

Turn to 16
Turn to 56

55
As Falcon's Wing rematerialises you switch on the scanner
eagerly and to your delight rolling fields and goats grazing on
hills covered in green grass greet your eye. 'At last!' you cry.

'At last, what, Falcon?' chimes CAIN.
'At last, back on Earth,' you cry, glancing at the digital date, but
all it shows is 0000.
'Now I am convinced. Falcon, you are unable to pilot this Time
Machine. This is not Earth at all.'
'Then where is it?'
There is a long silence, followed by, 'I have insufficient data to
determine our location to any reasonable degree of...'
Thank you CAIN.' You cut it off in annoyance. You are still far
from home, in an unknown time and you haven't enough
polybdenum rods to make many more jumps. You ask CAIN to
scan the scenery and the camera begins to turn. Behind Falcon is
a rough paved road, leading to a walled city, something like a

mediaeval city of Earth. There are no living beings in sight apart
from olive trees, the goats and some very ordinary looking birds,
like crows, but the buildings in the city look like the work of
men. CAIN tells you that the atmosphere is pure, untainted and
perfectly breathable, and it suggests you explore on foot
without an environment suit: 'We don't want to break the first
law of TIME needlessly, do we?' You shake your head,
something must be wrong with CAIN - it seems to want to
pretend to be a person.
Smiling, you decide to play along, 'What shall I wear then, I want
to impress whoever lives here.'
'Really, Falcon! I have no data on local dress to feed into the
molecular convertor, but I would advise leaving your blaster
here.' You snort in disgust, decide to take your blaster anyway
and then consider what to wear. Will it be a toga such as was
worn by the men and women of ancient Rome? A suit of armour
and a sword like that of a mediaeval knight? Your environment
suit? Or a rich robe of cloth of gold and a bishop's hat or mitre?
Make a note of what CAIN prepares in the molecular converter,
on your Agent Profile. When you are dressed you descend to the
grass below Falcon's Wing and walk towards the city. CAIN has
cast a hologram projection of an olive tree around Falcon's Wing.
Turn to 74.

56
You put on the clothes of a fur-trapper prepared in the
molecular convertor, then set off along the trail, but there is a
dull crack of displaced air and Yelov's machine materialises
below the trail a hundred metres back, then turns into a hillock.
You drop to your belly and begin to crawl back to Falcon's Wing
in case Yelov locates it and tries to destroy it. Turn to 95.

57
Your ruse seems to have worked. There is a feeling of shock all
around you and the Sundew believe that if they harm you a
terrible fate will overtake them. Will you:
Demand that they sacrifice one of their
number and take it back to Falcon's Wing
for analysis?
Simply board the flyer and return to Falcon's
Wing as quickly as possible?

Turn to 137
Turn to 307

58
The rapier thrust misses you and you are making up your mind
what to do next when you are buffeted" in the side. One of your
three assailants bends to pick up the table which you turned
over and says: 'Come on lads, let's not spoil the evening by
fighting.' The others put down their rapiers and to your surprise
treat the incident as over. You turn to see who knocked against
you. The young girl dressed as a page boy is wrestling with the
man she was threatening with a dagger. He twists her hand
until she drops the blade, then picks it up and moves to slit her
throat. Her eyes, mutely appealing, beseech you to help her. Will
you:
Come to the aid of the young woman by
using your Power of Thinkstrike against
the man who has taken her dagger?
Leave the drinking house quickly?

Turn to 303
Turn to 319

59
As you probe the minds of the hordes of insect beings you
realise that they are becoming increasingly frenzied with each
level that you rise within. Your mind is assailed with thoughts of
death and disaster as you wind ever higher in the maze.
Suddenly Falcon's Wing shoots out into a large gallery where six
or seven smaller insects, very pale green but of a similar type to
the 'Builders' are at work on what appears to be a model of a
termite mound similar to the one you are in. They ignore you
and you slow the flyer down as something catches your eye.
suspended from the ceiling is a model of a solar system, with
seven planets orbiting a white sun. You memorise the relative
sizes and positions of the planets in the hope that CAIN can use
the information to fix your position in the universe, and then
YOU accelerate out of the gallery. You soon reach a vast circular
area which is the junction of many tunnels, filled with soldier
insects. One exit only has been left open and it leads to the
outside air. Without hesitating you gun the flyer out of the
strange skyscraper of a termite mound and arrow across the
magenta sky to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 38.

60
As you open your mouth so does your double. 'Who are you?'
you both say. There is a short pause, then you find your words
echoed precisely, as you both say, 'Falcon, Special Agent of

TIME, what are you doing in my rooms?' The realisation that
there are two of yourself is horribly disturbing and you begin to
feel sick with unknown fears. The other Falcon's face is waxen
and pale. Will you:
Say, 'There must be an answer to this; can I
take a close look at the apartment?'
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe the
other Falcon's mind?
Use your Power of Will to take control?
Thinkstrike your double?

Turn to 118
Turn to 126
Turn to 80
Turn to 97

61

Turn and use your blaster on the machine?
Lie absolutely still?
Get up and continue running?

Turn to 99
Turn to 109
Turn to 122

64 [Score a W]

A steep gully leads down into the dry valley floor. It is slow going
in the heavy gravity and the rock crumbles underfoot. You
almost fall when some rock gives way and you find yourself
staring at a pool of rock dust that has been recently disturbed. It
bears the unmistakable footprint of someone in an environment
suit. You make your way more carefully now towards a set of
caves which you hope may contain a seam of pure polybdenum.
You are twenty metres from the cave opening when a figure
appears, swathed in the yellow fog of the thick Thrixian
atmosphere. With a flash of insight you recognise Agidy Yelov;
you can just make out his face, half covered in the metal mask
which he wears over the side of his head which you blasted
away. At the same instant he recognises you. He drops two
pieces of polybdenum which he was carrying and goes for his
plasma pistol. Guessing that he is wearing a Psionic Damper,
you do the same. You must make a split second decision, fire or
dodge. If you choose to fire, make an Attack Roll and if you
score 7-12, turn to 84. If you score 2-6, turn to 73. If you choose
to dodge, make an Evasion Roll instead. If you score 6-12, turn
to 106. If you score 2-5, turn to 116.

62
Will you:
Speak at the majestic flowers using your
universal translator?
Use your Psychic Awareness to find out if
they have minds which can be probed?

63
As you sprint on past the ruined visi-booth factory a searing
pain cuts into your leg and you fall sprawling on the twisted
streetmetal. The Death machine's lasers have found their mark,
lose 9 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you cannot feel your
leg. You can hear the clacking and whooshing of the huge flying
machine getting closer. Will you:

Turn to 41
Turn to 30

You reach out for the button marked 'CYBERNETIC INTERFACE' to
move it to the standby position, but your hand is thrown back
and an unpleasant shock jolts you in the harness of your crashcouch. Lose 1 Endurance point. CAIN chimes ingratiatingly, 'I'm
sorry, Falcon, you need security clearance code Omega to
disconnect me.' As Section Chief of the Special Agent Section,
your clearance level is only Theta. You cannot deactivate CAIN,
which controls everything on Falcon's Wing, including the
Variac Drive. 'I must insist we return to Earth in 3034,' chimes
CAIN. The note of false apology in its voice angers you, but
there is nothing you can do but comply. Turn to 77.

65
You are too slow. Yelov's blast knocks you sideways in the grass.
You are only dimly aware as he stands over you and fires again.
Yelov has taken his revenge.

66 [Score a K]
A horseman dressed like the two charioteers but with an
aristocratic bearing canters towards you, as if he recognises you.
Your Universal Translator turns his staccato speech into the
words, 'Are the Procthenoi safely returned to the City of
Pillars?' You nod curtly and the horseman says, 'It is well,' and to
your surprise, continues on his way. Although you are not
dressed in the same style, the people of this city dq not appear to
find you unusual. You know nothing of any Procthenoi or City
of Pillars and you decide to look for a place where you can think,
out of the crowd. Under two bridges nearby are two painted
signs. Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand,
but one is the sign of a coloured, ten-spoked wheel and the other

shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek
temples of Earth. You notice people coming and going from
doorways beneath each and decide to investigate. Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

67
You spin and draw your blaster with the speed of the highly
trained combateer that you are, but the dull thud of a
concussion tube sounds as you see the man who spoke and an
invisible hammer blow numbs your arm. The blaster dribbles
out of your weakening grip, and falls to the cracked plastic floor.
Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are still alive you see a young, wellbuilt man, wearing the tattered uniform of an Enforcer, but he
scarcely looks like one. His freckled face is lined, as if he were
suffering from Medawars Syndrome, the onset of rapid ageing,
but you sense that the hard eyes are in reality those of a twenty
year old. Beside him is a woman dressed in the uniform of a
medtech, but toting an armour-piercing rocket launcher. She
would be beautiful but her long black hair is matted and greasy.
Their faces are covered in dark oil and they smell. You put up
your hands as the woman says, They can't think we'd fall for
that!'
There's one quick way to find out if it's an infiltrator,' says the
man.
'Destroy it.' She laughs. Will you:
Thinkstrike the man?
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe his
mind?
Use your Power of Will to control the
woman's mind?

Turn to 159
Turn to 141
Turn to 299

relted with eggs and rotten fruit, so you hasten outside where
you quickly clean yourself up a little. If you would like to go
through the door under the sign of the colourful wheel, turn to
119. If you prefer to return from this strange city to Falcon's
Wing, turn to 350.

69
You are walking casually towards Falcon's Wing when there is a
commotion at the gate and two Citpol Enforcers burst into
sight, ordering you to halt. You run the last steps to Falcon's
Wing and are drawn up inside before they round the edge of the
bay. Switching on the scanner you are dismayed to see that one
of them carries a particle disruptor which she trains on Falcon's
Wing. 'Come out or we disrupt this kite to kingdom come.'
I'm Falcon, SAS Section Leader of TIME, I'm on a vitally
important mission.'
Then I'm afraid you'll have to let me in to check,' she calls,
waving the disruptor threateningly. You decide to let her in, but
you have doubts about this place and decide to avoid being
captured at all costs. 'Only one at a time can use the Access Disc,'
you call, and flip the switch that brings her inside. The Access
Hatch becomes solid once more, leaving her partner, whose
stunlance weapon cannot damage Falcon's Wing's pressureresistant hull, outside. 'You're under arrest, Falcon.' She points
the disruptor at your chest. To your dismay you see that she
wears a psionic damper circlet. You cannot use your Powers of
the Mind on her. Will you:
Suggest she sits in the crash-couch and
consults your computer to find out about
the importance of your mission?
Press the button that engages the Variac
Drive?
Stall for time before going for your blaster?

Turn to 395
Turn to 402
Turn to 411

68

70

There is a loud chorus of booing in the banquet hall but the
jester can see that you will not be persuaded and he bows to you,
a look of malicious cunning in his eyes, before cartwheeling off
the stage. As a troupe of tumblers begin to leap and gambol on
the stage you walk back towards the door. As you go you are

You run on and up the next ramp to the city ways. Looking back,
you see the man crouched on the ground once more, hunched in
grief and pain. Falcon's Wing is still undamaged and you reach it
just as another of the flying death machines veers towards you.
Turn to 170.

71
You pretend to press the button which gives access to CAIN's
files but press, instead, the button which engages the Variac
Drive. Nothing happens, the Variac Drive has run out of fuel,
there are no polybdenum rods left so you cannot jump
anywhere. Realising that you cannot leave using your Time
Machine, you are forced to let the Enforcer arrest you. She takes
your blaster and handcuffs you, then with her partner she takes
you to the Health Executive hospital where you are given a
heavy sedative which sends you to sleep. A psychic recording of
your double's mind is superimposed on your own. What you
find turns you stark, staring mad. Your minds are identical apart
from small details. You have had exactly the same experiences,
both have been responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord,
both have Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him
in an alternative history that never took place due to the
changes you wreaked in the history of the world Mechanon.
Your double remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you see the
world slightly differently. The other Falcon believes that a
mining colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out, but you know
that no such colony exists. The experience is too much for both
of you. You have lost your sense of self and you both become
catatonic morons, neither wanting to speak or even move. Turn
to 264.

72
You fly on, but you are becoming lost in the confusing maze of
tunnels. Turn to 83.

73
Yelov beats you to the draw. The blast of superheated plasma
from his pistol ionizes the gas of the Thrixian atmosphere,
turning it from yellow to red in a stream as you are hurled
backward into the side of the gully. Your suit is ruptured and the
corrosive atmosphere of Thrix attacks your lungs, filling them
with a bloody froth. Yelov gloats over you as you die in agony.
74
A winding blue river runs in a gentle curve around the city wall
and the paved road leads towards a large, arched bridge and the
city itself. You wait until it is clear of people and walk briskly
towards the city. As you reach the highest part of the arcing
packhorse bridge, a chariot bursts from the city with a great

clattering, its driver cracking the whip over two magnificent
black horses. The passenger turns to stare as you jump quickly
aside out of its way. He wears a bronze helmet with a green crest
and a leather tunic on which a ten-spoked wheel is sewn, each
spoke a different colour. The chariot clatters off down the road
and you come to a huge brass gate open to all comers in the
battlemented wall. There is a guardhouse within; there are no
guards, but your attention is taken by what lies beyond.
Dominating the riverfront is an immense building of ten halls
shaped like buttresses clustered as points of a star around a
great domed hub of a building with a golden roof. The halls are
joined one to another by enclosed bridges which arch between
them at seemingly random heights and angles, and under every
bridge you can see a painted sign of some strange mythical beast
or animal. The streets are thronged with people wearing cloaks,
tunics and leather kilts - none are dressed as you are. If you are
wearing:
A toga such as those worn by the men and
women of ancient Rome,
A suit of armour and a sword,
Your environment suit,
A rich robe of cloth of gold and a bishop's
mitre,

turn to 66
turn to 78
turn to 91
turn to 110

75
The crystal is a hollow labyrinth of opaque walled passages but
you walk straight ahead, following a narrow white line on the
floor, down the straight corridor which leads from the archway
to a small stone throne before a great crystal wall that stretches
upwards to a narrowing point at the top of the monolith. In
front of the wall is what looks like an incubator with a huge,
white brain floating in pink fluid within it. You hear Jahkela's
voice: 'Be seated', and you sit on the throne, facing the brain.
The brain has nerves running from it through the wall, but
before you can look closely a strange helmet is lowered onto
your head, from an alcove in the wall, by a metal grab. Thoughts
of the Frankenstein monster run through your head. Will you:
Throw yourself from the throne at the last
moment?
Take off your own helmet and put on the
new one?

Turn to 10
Turn to 46

76
The worry of being lost in time has left you mentally weakened
and you are forced to lift your hands away from the flyer's
controls. It falls the last thirty feet to the grey rock below,
landing with a sickening crunch. Your crash-couch absorbs
most of the shock, you lose only 2 Endurance points, but the. flyer will
not fly again unless you can find some way to have it repaired.
You are forced to climb out of the buckled cockpit onto the grey
rocks. Turn to 4.

77
As you scan the past for the timehole of the Eiger Vault in 3034
AD, Falcon's Wing rocks suddenly. CAIN chimes, The ship has
been hit by a powerful electrical discharge.' It runs a control
check and soon tells you that the hatch through which the flyer
leaves Falcon's Wing will no longer open, due to a fused circuit.
Will you:
Attempt to repair the circuit and risk a
further damaging burst of lightning?
Ignore this and return to the Eiger Vault
immediately?

Falcon's Wing. You are drawn up into the cabin as Yelov starts
to run towards you. Turn to 90.

80
You gather your, thoughts and concentrate your will. As you do
so your double is doing exactly the same thing and a titanic clash
of wills takes place. If you are wearing a teardrop gem on a
bracelet, turn to 9. If not, the battle rages on and on, your head
begins to ache and the blood pounds in your temples. Your two
minds are equally matched and there can be no winner of this
battle of minds. As the warring of wills continues you reserve a
small part of your mind to search for a way to break the
deadlock. Will you:
Pick up the nearby chess table and hurl it?
Turn to 279
Pull your blaster?
Turn to 290
Battle on until one or the other is exhausted? Turn to 297

81
Turn to 114
Turn to 129

78
A horseman dressed like the two charioteers, but with an
aristocratic bearing, canters past and soon you are lost in a
throng of people. Some of them, women as well as men, wear
hauberks of small interlocking links of metal and carry swords,
and you pass among the crowd without causing comment.
Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs. Both have
ornate writing which you cannot understand, but one is the sign
of a colourful ten-spoked wheel and the other shows a city with
many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek temples of Earth.
You notice people coming and going from doorways beneath
each and decide to investigate. Will you:
Go through the doorway beneath the sign of
the wheel?
Turn to 119
The city of temples?
Turn to 128

79
Miraculously you escape the bolts of energy from Yelov's
plasma pistol and hide inside the hologram which surrounds

As you duck through the hole in the ruined visi-booth factory a
searing pain cuts into your back. The Death machines have
found their mark, but only for an instant. Lose 3 Endurance points. If
you are still alive, you are burnt but not incapacitated. You crawl
along a rubble-filled tunnel as you hear the clanking and
whooshing of the huge, flying Death machine getting closer.
Squirming further along the tunnel you come to a balcony
overlooking a large gym which looks like the headquarters of a
guerilla anarchistica group of the 2300s. Weapons of various
descriptions are propped up against the walls and men and
women are tending others who are badly wounded. A group of
five squat on the floor, examining a map below you. Suddenly,
there is a great roar as the Death machine settles on the street
outside and a jet of flame rolls down the tunnel towards you.
There is a fire escape leading down to the room and you have no
choice but to jump onto it as the people look up. Turn to 181.

82
You begin to run down the trail away from the ridge, then roll
into the long brown grass as the hillock ripples and a man
wearing the blue uniform of a United States cavalry man seems
to appear from nowhere. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 252
If you score 1, 3 or 5, turn to 261

83 [Score a K]
You fly downwards and then twist from left to right through
the maze of subterranean highways. It seems as though the
'Builders' with their tube heads are closing in on you from all
directions, using their sense of smell. A chance to fly towards
the open air once more is blocked by a solid wall of soldiers,
hovering in the tunnel, their scimitar-like mouthparts setting
up a racket that causes the flyer to shake. You fly past and down
once more, only to be greeted by a dead end. It is too narrow to
turn the flyer and as you climb out a spray of yellow fluid from
the 'Builders' seals off the other end of the tunnel, quickly
turning to concrete. You have been sealed in a lonely tomb.

84
You manage to beat Yelov to the draw; the blast of superheated
plasma ionizes the gas of the Thrixian atmosphere, turning it
from yellow to red in a stream, and his body jerks convulsively
back into the cave. If you have ruptured his suit and the
corrosive atmosphere has reached his lungs you will never be
bothered by him again, but you daren't risk going into the dark
after him. You would make a sitting target in the cave entrance
lit by the dim red sunlight of this cold planet. You do decide to
risk darting forward to seize the polybdenum rocks, however,
and then you set off for Falcon's Wing, staggering up the steep
gully, looking over your shoulder as you go. Carborundum
guards the entrance to the cave and you arrive back at Falcon's
Wing unmolested. But as you rise through the Access Disc your
suit radio picks up a message from Yelov. 'You can run, Falcon,
but you can't hide. Wherever you go I'm hot on your trail.' Turn
to 265.

85
Concentrating your iron will which is unbowed by the
knowledge that you are lost in time, you triumph over the alien
attack on your mind and land safely on the flat, grey rocks. You
climb out of the cockpit onto the rocks. They are fringed by
twenty or so of the beautiful red sunflower plants, which are
about eight feet tall. Will you:
Attempt to communicate with them?
Turn to 62
Cut one down and take it to Falcon's Wing for
analysis?
Turn to 53
Simply walk among them in search of the
alien which tried to control your mind?
Turn to 40

86
You relax in the Autodoc while Falcon's Wing hangs in nullspace, your body is given a general checkover and certain
important minerals are injected into your bloodstream. You
emerge fit and well - you may restore up to 11 points of lost Endurance.
To your dismay the machine fails to rematerialise after you have
left the Autodoc and CAIN warns you that the Variac Drive is
malfunctioning. There is nothing you can do but wait. Some
hours later, Falcon's Wing comes back into phase and
everything looks real again. You switch on the camera screen
and survey your new surroundings. You are on a flat expanse of
ice, permafrost by the look of it. The camera shows a featureless
ice-plain stretching to every horizon. There is nothing to tell
you where you are or when so you consult CAIN. There is a
short silence before it chimes, 'You may have observed, Falcon,
that the distance to the horizon varies, even though the land is
flat. We are on a planet that is not round, but shaped like an oval.
The temperature is forty-seven degrees below zero here, but
rises as you approach the equator, quite dramatically,'
'But where am I?'
The planet Sundew. At least we are in Earth's galaxy, Falcon,
but I am growing anxious about your ability to pilot this time
machine.'
"Enough!' you say in annoyance. 'Is there intelligent life here?'
There is a species of intelligent plant life, the Sundew. Nothing
is known about them.' You sigh and consider what you must do
next. Will you:
Jump to another timehole straight away?
Explore the planet in your flyer?
Explore the planet on foot if you prefer,
if you can't use your flyer for any
reason?

Turn to 125
Turn to 133
Turn to 142

87
Your running is not elusive enough. A bolt from Yelov's plasma
pistol catches you in the back hurling you to the ground. You are
only dimly aware as he stands over you and fires again. Yelov
has taken his revenge.

88
A hush descends across the hall as you reach in through the
bars. The bird makes no attempt to peck you, presenting instead
its magnificent fan tail to your hand. As soon as you touch the
bird a strange transformation begins. The hall erupts into
hysterical cheers and laughter. 'Welcome to the Feast of Fools,'
the jester shouts as your limbs grow heavy. You watch the skin
of your hand going grey and you cannot move your fingers.
The cockatrice has done his work,'calls the jester, as you turn to
stone on the stage of the banqueting hall. You are no more than
a piece of rock, a magnificent statue that will adorn the pleasure
gardens behind the cathedral to their god. No one will ever
know that you were the first to travel into the future.

92

89
You step onto the Main Access Disc which turns to gas beneath
you and invisible tractor beams lower you into the milky liquid
up to your chest. Beneath your feet are spiny ridges of woody
fibre. You walk gingerly towards the arcing ridged wall. Make a
Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 2 or 5, turn to 173
If you score 3, 4 or 6, turn to 189

90
You hear the crackle of gunfire outside and the war-whoops of
hundreds of Red Indians as you frantically search the flux of
time for a timehole to jump to before Yelov can stop you. If the
number of polybdenum rods you have used stands at eight, turn
to 386. If not, the only timehole that appears to be open at the
moment is further back in Earth's past. Will you:
Jump there straight away?
Wait to see if the Eiger Vault timehole in
3034 AD opens again?

3 hundred yards to either side and the city wall stretches
behind you. Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs.
Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand, but
one is the sign of a colourful ten-spoked wheel and the other
shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient
Greek temples of Earth. You notice people hastening through
doorways beneath each. Will you:
Wait to see what happens?
Turn to 146
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Turn to 158
Enter the door beneath the sign of the city
of temples?
Turn to 175

Turn to 342
Turn to 372

91 [Score a Y]
As you step through the gateway into the city, the townsfolk
begin to flee from you in fear crying, 'A Golem.' A horseman
dressed like the two charioteers but with an aristocratic bearing
reins his horse in and then wheels and gallops towards the great
domed building. The bridges and halls of the building stretch for

At the press of a button your crash-couch swivels up into the
flyer, the cockpit seals and you are catapulted through the
launch doors. As you cruise gently over the landscape of rough
red rock and the occasional spiky green plant clinging to cracks
and fighting for life in the occasional patch of sandy soil, your
Psychic Awareness is strangely at odds with the still and empty
landscape. You feel as if the ground is covered with intelligent
beings yet you can see nothing larger than a lizard basking in the
hot sun. There is a row of conical hills which look like red slag
heaps on the horizon. Will you:
Fly towards them?
Land your flyer and look for intelligent life?

Turn to 273
Turn to 286

93
The pebbles beneath your feet start to shift, but you keep your
balance and duck the flying rock just in time before you fall onto
your back. The huge boulder-like Thrix rolls towards you as the
whole ground beneath you seems to turn to a palpitating mudbath. In desperation you concentrate your mind and try to
dominate the mind of the alien, using your Power of Will. Turn
to 150.

94
You pull up the flyer's nose and blast skywards, still battling for
control of your own mind. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 410
If you score 2-6, turn to 204

95
As you crawl your way back towards Falcon's Wing, the sound
of approaching hoofbeats behind prompts you to roll off the trail
into some long brown grass. Ten Red Indians are cantering
along the trail towards the ridge. They wear buffalo robes into
which their long black hair is tucked, dark woollen cloth
leggings, and high moccasins topped with buffalo fur. They ride
past you and on towards the ridges, looking over their shoulders
constantly as they go. In the time that your attention wavered
Yelov could have left his Time Machine. Will you:
Try to locate him using your Psychic
Awareness?
Turn to 102
Lie low and watch the prairie grass for Yelov? Turn to 112

96
As you fly through the maze of tunnels you notice that the
'Builders' with the tube heads are arriving at some of the
turnings before you. You notice that, without fail, they are
blocking entrances to the higher levels. The soldiers are in hot
pursuit, they don't have to slow for the tight corners as you do.
You spot an opening above which is not yet blocked and one
below. Will you:
Turn to 59
Turn to 72

Fly upwards?
Fly downwards?

97
Your double hurls a blast of thought at you at the same moment
and they cancel out. Will you:
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe the
other Falcon's mind?
Use your Power of Will to take control?

Turn to 126
Turn to 80

touch this phantasmagorical creature of the skies.' The bird
cocks its head at you. Will you:
Do as the jester bids and, reaching into the
cage, stroke the bird?
Shake your head and try to leave the
banquet?

Turn to 88
Turn to 68

99
You draw your blaster and try to struggle to your feet, but you
have lost the use of your legs and you sprawl flat once more. The
Death machine's lasers spit their deadly light once more and
your body is cut in two. You die of shock.
100
As Falcon's Wing rematerialises you feel the ship settling
downwards as the hydraulic legs sink into soft ground.
Switching on the scanner reveals not Earth, but a world with a
glorious rose-pink sky and green seas. You have sunk a little into
the wet sand of a beach. A huge, thirty foot long green monster
basks in the gentle surf at the edge of a coral reef nearby. It looks
like a giant soft-backed terrapin, or a turtle without its shell.
You start in alarm but CAIN chimes, 'Well done, Falcon, you've
done it again. The time is nearly right - it's 3031 AD, but this is
Bequal, not Earth. Oh well, it's only another rod of polybdenum
wasted.' CAIN's attempts to sound like a sarcastic Earther are
not helping your peace of mind.

'What's that creature?' you snap. 'Is it dangerous?'
That is a Bequali, Falcon, a highly intelligent and peace-loving
amphibian. The Bequali have invented space technology during
the last five hundred years and will apply for membership of the
Federation in two years' time.'

98
The jester beckons you insistently and all eyes are turned to you.
'Step this way, come, caress the rainbow bird of paradise.' The
jester takes your arm and ushers you towards the high table
next to which stands a great golden-barred birdcage. Inside is a
bird which looks like a colourful cockerel, but its tail feathers are
an enormous mauve and pink fan, like a bird of paradise. 'You
will experience a miraculous change, stranger, if you do but

'Did we grant it?'
'It is still under consideration in 3034 AD.' You are not in danger
on this idyllic world of small islands, sandy inlets and colourful
reefs, but there is no point in staying unless you need a welding
tool to mend the launch doors of the flyer (if you still have the
flyer, that is). Will you:

106
Ask the Bequali for a welding tool?
Decide that you may as well attempt another
jump?

Turn to 327
Turn to 316

101
If the flyer hatch doors are fused shut, turn to 140. If they are
operational, turn to 160.

102
You cast around, using your Psychic Awareness to pick up any
thoughts and brush a mind which is questing for your own. It is
Yelov and you spot him, in the disguise of a United States
cavalry man crawling up towards the ridge. He knows roughly
where you are now and you feel your mind link broken as he
puts on his psionic damper circlet, before crawling towards you.
Will you:
Crawl in the opposite direction?
Wait until he comes closer?

Turn to 214
Turn to 228

103 [Score an L]
As quick as thought you rip off the helmet of your environment
suit, which contains your Psionic Enhancer and the will which
was about to overcome you now seems less powerful. You
struggle to keep the flyer on an even keel as the battle for
control over your mind continues, but at last you win. You are in
full control of yourself once more. Turn to 209.

104
The Thrix says one of their starships landed on a world fifty
years ago where the natives used white fire to kill each other. It
rolls away uphill at a speed you cannot hope to match. You go
on, down into the valley. Turn to 33.

105
You don your environment suit as CAIN informs you that the
atmosphere contains a great deal of methane gas and will not
sustain human life. You descend to the floor of Dyskra. As you
approach a nearby mound of dark red outcroppings, the ground
begins to tremble all around you. Will you:
Pause until the earthquake is over?
Run back to the safety of Falcon's Wing and
leave Dyskra?

Turn to 120
Turn to 138

The blast of superheated plasma from Yelov's pistol ionizes the
gas of the Thrixian atmosphere, turning it from yellow to red in
a stream, but you have dodged in time and the blast spatters
shards of rock and dust like a geyser into the yellow fog. You roll
and go for your blaster, hampered by the high-gravity, and
Yelov uses the moment to seize the polybdenum rocks and get
back into the darkness of the cave. You would be a sitting target
in the dim red sunlight of the cold planet Thrix if you tried to
follow him in, so you climb back up the gully looking for cover.
Yelov wings you with his blaster as you near the tip of the valley
and the oxygen supply of your suit is cut off. The helmet has
only a limited supply used up quickly in this heavy atmosphere.
You can only hurry back to Falcon's Wing. You arrive
unmolested, but your suit radio picks up a message from Yelov.
'You can run, Falcon, but you can't hide. Wherever you go I'm
hot on your trail.' Turn to 265.

107
Your combateer reactions are not enough to match the superb
prowess of the horseman. He towers above you and the blade
flashes through the air before you can fire. You can still see the
world doing gambols round your head as it spins away from
your body, then dark death takes you.

108
As the flyer settles to the ground inside the open space the
insects take flight. You use your power of Psychic Awareness to
probe the mind of the nearest as it approaches. To your horror it
is thinking of only one thing - killing the flyer - and it is sending
a scent message to all 'Builders' in the area. It is evidently of the
soldier caste, intent on guarding the 'Queenhome'. You slam the
flyer forward trying to avoid the clashing scimitar-like
mouthparts of the four insects. Make an Evasion Roll, as you
try to turn down a tunnel to the right.
If you score 6-12, turn to 117
If you score 2-5, turn to 412

109
You lie absolutely still, drips of sweat staining the twisted
streetmetal an inch from your eyes. The clanking and
whooshing of the Death machine becomes a cacophony which

fans the flames of your fear. Its shadow shuts out the light as it
hovers motionless above you. You daren't turn your head to
look at it, but at last the noise moves on. It has left you and gone
to search for new prey. You lie low for a couple of minutes until
the noise has receded and then decide to make your way back to
Falcon's Wing before it is destroyed by one of the Death
machines. Turn to 298.

113
Your eye catches a group of four people, middle-aged men
dressed almost exactly as you, but with dark oiled hair. Smiling,
they too beckon you over to an empty stool at their table. Will
you:
Sit at their table?
Ignore them?

Turn to 169
Turn to 98

110
A horseman dressed like the two charioteers but with an
aristocratic bearing canters towards you and reins in. Your
Universal Translator turns his staccato speech into the words,
'Which god do you worship?' He awaits your reply. If you speak,
the translator will make your voice sound like a robot's. Will
you:
Turn to 200
Turn to 217
Turn to 222

Ignore him and walk on?
Say 'No, god'?
Say 'The almighty'?
111

Feverishly you enter a set of co-ordinates relating to the first
timehole you can locate using your Psychic Awareness. Falcon's
Wing moves into null-space just as its pressure hull had started
to creak ominously. You have escaped being crushed in the
enormous gravity of the gas giant Jupiter by moments, if this is
the first time you have jumped to Jupiter. Note on your Agent
Profile that you have used up four rods of polybdenum, but
where is this one taking you to? In your haste you could not be
sure. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 3, or 5, turn to 18
If you score 2, 4, or 6, turn to 86

112
You catch sight of a man wearing the blue uniform of a United
States cavalry man moving up the slope towards the ridge,
careful not to be seen by the Indians. If it is Yelov he seems not
to be carrying a holo-detector and doesn't know where Falcon's
Wing is. Will you:
Stay where you are and blank your mind as
much as you can?
Move stealthily towards him?

Turn to 124
Turn to 134

114
While the storm rages about Falcon's Wing CAIN is able to give
you the guidance you need to repair the circuit which is below
the corn-console, and after twenty-five minutes the doors are
operational once more. Turn to 29.

115
The white-hot bolt of superheated plasma takes the horseman
just in time. His sword bites into your neck but then falls to the
floor as his head is turned into a blackened mass of shredded
flesh and brains. There is a flurry amongst the crowd as he falls
to the floor. You lose three endurance points, but he is dead. You pull
the ruby ring from his finger, note it on your Agent Profile.
There is a flurry amongst the crowd as the horseman falls to the
floor and the horse rears. 'A magician,' someone calls.
Someone else shouts, 'Call the Cavalry.' Quickly you look for a
place to hide. Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs.
Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand, but
one is the sign of a coloured ten-spoked wheel and the other
shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek
temples of Earth. You notice people coming and going from
doorways beneath each and decide to investigate. Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Enter the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

116
You are too slow to dodge the blast of superheated plasma.
Yelov beats you to the draw. The blast of superheated plasma
from his pistol ionizes the gas of the Thrixian atmosphere turning it from yellow to red in a stream as you are hurled backwards
into the side of the gully. Your suit is ruptured and the corrosive

atmosphere of Thrix attacks your lungs, filling them with a
bloody froth. Yelov gloats over you as you die in agony.

117
You accelerate into the open space and bank the flyer to the
right. The insects fly after you and your Psychic Awareness
leaves you in no doubt as to their intention to kill the flyer. They
have not realised it is a machine. Suddenly a river of coppery
coloured insects pours down the tunnel towards you. In place of
mouthparts and eyes they have nothing but a large hollow tube.
There are openings above and in the floor of the tunnel. Will
you:
Fly upwards?
Fly downwards?

Turn to 96
Turn to 83

118
The other Falcon nods. It must be a robot you think and,
pretending to examine the apartment to check that all is as you
left it, you decide to use your blaster. Turning, you draw, but
your double's blaster is already out of its holster. Will you:
Throw yourself aside?
Count on your own superb reactions to see
you through?

Turn to 136
Turn to 145

119
You step through the door beneath the sign of the wheel and
enter a large, low-ceilinged room, which is obviously a place
where people meet to talk. Some are buying drinks from two
pretty young women behind a long counter. The dark room is lit
with hundreds of candles and is packed with city folk clustered
round tables. At the far end of the cellar a tall man with white
hair and a ludicrously long pointed beard is reciting a poem
about the slaying of a black dragon, his plaited beard twitching
like an eel as he talks. You walk towards an empty table next to
one occupied by three men wearing the sign of the wheel on
their leather jerkins. They are dressed in armour which they
have unlaced but not taken off. You are about to sit down when
a man springs backwards from a stool with a cry of anguish, and
"you are knocked into the table around which the three burly
men sit. A woman dressed like a page boy is threatening the man
who knocked you with a bloody dagger, but your attention is

caught by the men whose table you have accidentally
overturned. They leap up and draw rapiers - slim pointed
swords - with which they attack you. If you are wearing a toga
like those worn by the people of ancient Rome, turn to 163. If
not you must decide quickly how to deal with their unprovoked
attack. Will you:
Thinkstrike the nearest?
Use your blaster?
Draw your sword if you have one?
Simply try to dodge their attack?

Turn
Turn
Turn
Turn

to
to
to
to

177
186
193
151

120
The ground begins to shake more and more and there is a loud
rumbling. The rock beneath you gives way suddenly. Repnids
have tunnelled below the surface and you fall into a boiling mass
of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cavern below. The end is
swift, as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the
air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. Nobody will ever know
that you were the first human Future Traveller of all time.

121
As you struggle to land the flyer gently on the smooth grey
rocks, the attack on your mind continues. You must make a
Power of Will Roll to see if you can keep control of your mind.
If you score 7-12, turn to 85
If you score 2-6, turn to 76

122
You try to struggle to your feet, but you have lost the use of
your legs and you sprawl flat once more. The Death machine's
lasers spit their deadly light once more and your body is cut in
two. You die of shock.

123
As the flyer enters the open space the insects take flight. You
bank sharply and turn back down the tunnel along which you
came, bursting out into the air pursued by the giant insects.
Turn to 310.

124
After a time your suspicions are confirmed, it must be Yelov and

he hasn't found Falcon's Wing. Suddenly more hoofbeats, the
sound of men running and the jingle of harness cause both you
and Yelov to freeze. About eighty cavalry men, some mounted,
others on foot, resplendent in their blue uniforms, are chasing
the Indians towards the ridge. They are spread out on either side
of the trail and may find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Sprint back to Falcon's Wing?

Turn to 394
Turn to 361

125
Note down that you have used another polybdenum rod, as you
are about to jump again. As you scan the Winds of Time, using
your Psychic Awareness, you sense that something is not quite
right, as if your own mind is befuddled. Turn to 414.

126
As you probe your double's mind you realise that your own
mind is being probed at the same time. You both open up so that
each can share the other's experiences. What you find turns you
stark staring mad. Your minds are identical apart from small
details. You have had exactly the same experiences, both have
been responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord, both have
Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him in an
alternative history that never took place due to the changes you
wreaked in the history of the world Mechanon. Your double
remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you both see the world
slightly differently. The other Falcon believes that a mining
colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out but you know that no
such colony exists. The experience is too much for both of you.
You have lost your sense of self and you both become catatonic
morons, neither wanting to speak or even move. Turn to 264.

127
You strip off the suit, but now it is your flesh which is burning.
The crystals at the centre of their petals are focussing the sun's
rays on you and the smell of your own burning flesh fills your
senses. The pain overcomes you and you fall to the ground. The
flowers burn you to cinders.

128
As you step through the door you are surprised to enter a dimly
lit banqueting hall, long and low. The long trestle tables are
packed with revellers gorging themselves and sweating lightly
in the warmth of a huge log fire, above which a boar turns on a
spit. As your eyes get used to the gloom a man dressed like a
jester vaults over the high table and beckons you, saying,
'Welcome, welcome to the Feast of Fools.' If you are dressed in
the toga of a person of ancient Roman times, turn to 113. If not,
turn to 98.

129
Realising that you should not be requiring the use of your flyer,
you have decided to ignore the fused circuit. Note that the flyer
hatch doors are fused shut and turn to 29.

130
The Thrix rolls down a steep gully towards the dry floor of the
valley and you follow behind. It is slow going in the heavy
gravity and the rock crumbles underfoot. You almost fall when
some rock gives way and find yourself staring at a pool of rock
dust that has been recently disturbed. It bears the unmistakable
footprint of someone in an environment suit. You make your
way more carefully now towards a set of caves which you hope
may contain a seam of pure polybdenum. Carborundum clicks a
warning to you that a 'thief' is in the caves.
You are twenty metres from the cave opening when a figure
appears, swathed in the yellow fog of the thick Thrixian
atmosphere. With a flash of insight you recognise Agidy Yelov;
you can just make out his face, half covered in the metal mask
which he wears over the side of his head which you blasted
away. At the same instant he recognises you. He drops two
pieces of polybdenum which he is carrying and goes for his
plasma pistol. But before either of you can draw the soupy
atmosphere is disturbed and a strange swirling pattern forms in
the yellow mist between Yelov and the Thrix. A wave of sonic
vibrations shake the ground and you lose your footing, but
Yelov staggers back into the depths of the cave. You dare not go
in after him - you would be a sitting duck out in the dim red
sunlight of this cold planet. You think to Carborundum that you
need the polybdenum rods to save your own life and to your
surprise they fly suddenly into your hands. Carborundum has

used his power of mind over matter. You decide to leave Yelov
and return to Falcon's Wing while you still can and stagger up
the steep gully with the heavy rods, looking over your shoulder
as you go. Carborundum guards the entrance to the cave and
you arrive back at Falcon's Wing unmolested, But as you rise
through the Access Disc your suit radio picks up a message from
Yelov. 'You can run, Falcon, but you can't hide - wherever you
go I'm hot on your trail.' Turn to 265.

131
Falcon's Wing slips into the void of null-space once more, but
when it rematerialises at the same place in Jupiter's atmosphere,
it begins to fall sickeningly fast once more. Your hands strain
against the G-forces towards the console, but the pressure hull
creaks ominously and then implodes, crushing you. By the time
you hit the surface of the sea of liquified gas at the gas giant's
heart, you are no larger than a golf ball.

132
You force the horseman to ride slowly towards Falcon's Wing
and then tie him up, using his riding cloak to hood him before
leaving him under Falcon's Wing, where he will not be
discovered due to the hologram of an olive tree which surrounds
your ship. That done, you return to the city, across the
packhorse bridge, and mingle with the crowd once more. The
great cathedral dominates everything. Under two bridges
nearby are two painted signs. Both have ornate writing which
you cannot understand, but one is the sign of a coloured tenspoked wheel and the other shows a city with many pillared
buildings like the ancient Greek temples of Earth. You notice
people coming and going from doorways beneath each and
decide to investigate. Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Beneath the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

133
Your crash-couch swivels up into position in the flyer and the
cockpit seals, but you have taken the precaution of wearing your
environment suit. The hatch doors fly open and the flyer is
catapulted out of Falcon's Wing. You glide, then cut in the Ion
drive when you are safely away from your Time Machine which

is surrounded by a hologram CAIN has caused to look like a
rough mound of ice. You point the flyer towards the furthest
horizon and hurtle towards the equator of the oddly-shaped
planet. Your sensors indicate that there is almost no atmosphere, the pole rises above it, like a single smooth mountain. The
flyer reaches Mach 6 easily, there is little wind resistance. The
featureless plain of permafrost stretches for a hundred miles,
then gives way to a moor covered with bright yellow moss.
Beyond that the temperature rises suddenly and you are within
a much thicker atmosphere which might possibly support
human life. You begin to notice the occasional large flower
below you, something like a sunflower, with deep red petals and
a shining, glassy centre. As you hurtle on they become more
numerous. Will you:
Land the flyer and try to find out if they are
the Sundew?
Fly on towards the equator where they are
more plentiful?

Make a rapid U-turn in the opening and fly
back to Falcon's Wing?
Accelerate across the space and dart into
another tunnel to the right?
Land the flyer and getting out, try to
communicate with them?

Turn to 123
Turn to 117
Turn to 108

136
As your double pulls the trigger you hurl yourself behind the
massage couch. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 167
If you score 2-6, turn to 188

Turn to 165
Turn to 178

134
You are creeping up on Yelov, when his mind brushes yours and
he looks in your direction. You feel the mind-link broken as he
puts on his psionic damper circlet. Suddenly more hoofbeats, the
sound of men running and the jingle of harness cause both you
and Yelov to freeze. About eighty cavalry men, some mounted,
others on foot, resplendent in their blue uniforms, are chasing
the Indians towards the ridge. They are spread out on either side
of the trail and may find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Sprint back to Falcon's Wing?

scimitars. Their backs are hidden beneath purple wing cases.
Will you:

Turn to 380
Turn to 365

135
Choosing a hole about five hundred feet from the base of the
unnatural gigantic monolith, you turn on the flyer's head lamps
and cautiously cruise into the rock itself. The flyer is not
handling quite as sweetly as normal, but you are soon inside a
maze of tunnels and in an opening in front of you are four
coppery-coloured insects, each larger than the flyer, with
wicked looking black mouthparts which thresh the air like

137 [Score a D]
Almost as soon as the thought forms in your mind one of the
Sundew seems to snap at the base of its stalk and falls to the
ground. You quickly haul it up into the flyer's cockpit and take
off again, heading towards Falcon's Wing. You are aware as you
go that your thoughts are still being probed so you force
yourself to dwell upon the might of the Space Federation's navy
until you are well out over the permafrost at the planet's pole.
Falcon's Wing is so well camouflaged that you are forced to call
up CAIN to guide the flyer in. At last you are safe within the
Time Ship and analysing parts of the Sundew. You describe
what happened to CAIN in detail, but its only response is, 'It
seems likely that you have made a powerful enemy for the Earth
Federation.' A little later, however, CAIN gives the results of
the tests on the plant. The Sundew are long-lived and highly
intelligent, with Powers of the Mind which rival even those of
the Hivers. They are also able to throw small poison darts from
the tops of their stalks. If you are suffering from a skin
irritation, you may use the crushed petals to make a healing
balm which will cure the complaint and restore all of your modifiers by
1 point. You may also keep some of the virulent poison from the
darts, if you wish. Bearing in mind the dangers posed by the
Sundew you decide to leave their planet. Turn to 280.

138
As you run back towards your Time Machine, the ground

begins to shake more and more and there is a loud rumbling
which seems to follow behind you. You are beneath Falcon's
Wing, being draw up into it by the invisible tractor beams when
the rock beneath gives way suddenly. You are pulled up inside
the Time Ship as it falls and are safely within when it jolts
sickeningly after a fall of thirty feet. The sudden impact is
absorbed by the machine's hydraulic legs. Turning on the
outside scanner you see that Falcon's Wing has fallen into a
boiling mass of Repnid bodies. The Repnids have tunnelled to
within an inch of the surface and you have fallen to the floor of a
cavern below. The Repnids swarm all over Falcon's Wing. You
decide to jump to another timehole before any more damage can
be done. If you wish to jump immediately, turn to 241. If you
decide to risk studying the timelines from this new time and
place, turn to 255.

139
You are too slow to dodge the blast of superheated plasma from
Yelov's pistol which ionizes the gas of the atmosphere, turning
it from yellow to red in a stream, but, incredibly, the stream
bends around your body, hitting the side of the gully sending a
great geyser of rock shards and dust into the yellow fog.
Carborundum has caused a sonic force shield to appear between
you and Yelov. The yellow atmosphere swirls in a dense ball in
front of you and the Thrix rolls slowly back into sight. Yelov's
pistol blasts the faceted being but nothing happens so he ducks
back into the cave, out of sight.
You dare not go in after him - you would be a sitting duck out
in the dim red sunlight of this cold planet. You think to
Carborundum that you need the polybdenum rods to save your
own life and to your surprise they suddenly fly into your hands.
Carborundum has used his power of mind over matter. You
decide to leave Yelov and return to Falcon's Wing while you still
can and stagger up the steep gully with the heavy rods, looking
over your shoulder as you go. Carborundum guards the
entrance to the cave and you arrive back at Falcon's Wing
unmolested. But as you rise through the Access Disc your suit
radio picks up a message from Yelov. 'You can run, Falcon, but
you can't hide - wherever you go I'm hot on your trail.' Turn to
265.

140
CAIN estimates that it will take you twenty-five minutes with

his expert guidance to repair the damaged circuit of the flyer
hatch door. Will you:
Leave Falcon's Wing without the flyer?
Spend time repairing the circuit which is
located under the com-console?

Turn to 89
Turn to 22

141
The young man whose mind you are probing is called Brawn.
His first thought when he realises that you have Powers of the
Mind is that you are not what he feared: an Infiltrator, a
machine made to look like a human which penetrates the
resistance cells and then explodes killing everyone inside the
headquarters. You withdraw from his mind and he explains
what you have done to the woman he calls Jonjoe. She asks you
to tell who you are and you decide to tell the truth. They listen to
your story carefully, but the concussion tube never wavers. At
last the woman says, 'So you're Falcon. If you'd stopped the
Renegade Lord we wouldn't be the last survivors of a forgotten
'Turn your drive down, Jonjoe, Falcon was supposed to have
been killed by the Siriun traitor, Yelov. It could still be an
infiltrator.' You realise that if what they say is true, you are on
an alternative timeline, not that of your own world, for you
eliminated the Hiver threat in 3033 AD.
Jonjoe says, 'Come on then, well: take you to meet the cell.'
Brawn motions you towards the door with his concussion tube.
You walk in front of them down a moss covered corridor which
leads into a gym looking like the headquarters of a guerilla
anarchistica group of the 2300s. Weapons of various descriptions are propped up against the walls and men and women
are tending others who are badly wounded. A group of five
squat on the floor, examining a map in front of you. They look
up and a dog, saved from the animal park, sniffs you, wagging its
tail. 'Welcome to the cell,' says Jonjoe, the woman who brought
you in. This is Falcon. Another warrior for the hopeless fight.'
'Shut up Jonjoe,' shouts a woman near the man. 'Welcome
stranger, you can take Racal's place in Company C.'
'Racal too?' asks Jonjoe. The woman who introduces herself as

Galatea, nods quietly. You pretend to be suffering from loss of
memory and they tell you that the Hivers have taken control of
Earth, after an agent of TIME, also called Falcon, failed to stop
the Renegade Lord of Time. They have wiped out almost all
Earthers, only a few cells like this one carry on the fight.
'Until we triumph,' says Galatea, but there is no hope in her
eyes. Will you:
Stay to help these poor people for a time?
Turn to 260
Say that you are going for a walk and try and
get back to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 268

142
You put on your environment suit and begin walking in the
direction of the planet's equator. After a hundred miles you
become alarmed at the rate at which your oxygen supply is
dwindling and there is still no sign of a change in the flat,
monotonous landscape. You realise that to continue would only
result in death and you are forced to return to Falcon's Wing.
Without your flyer you cannot explore this strange ovaloid
world. If you are able to use your flyer and wish to do so, turn to
133. If you cannot use a flyer, for any reason, or do not wish to,
you may jump to another timehole, turn to 125.

143
Without polybdenum rods you cannot now jump to another
timehole. In any case a sudden loud noise inside Falcon's Wing
below the cabin floor suggests something very serious has gone
wrong. Taking up one of the floor plates confirms your worst
fears, the Variac Drive has exploded, perhaps due to the
unnatural strain of jumping from one universe to another. It is
quite impossible to repair as you can tell at a glance. CAIN
flashes up a damage report confirming this and a mood of black
despair grips you. The digi-clock reads 9649 BC. You stay inside
Falcon's Wing, which is disguised as a group of palm trees,
hoping to stay alive long enough for someone from the Special
Agent Section of TIME to come and pick you up, but when on
the third day, your Psychic Awareness tells you that the
timehole into which you jumped on this plain has closed up you
are forced to abandon that hope too. At least Yelov cannot
follow you. Wearily you set out to explore your surroundings,
as much to pass the time as anything else. You are marooned for
the rest of your life in Earth's stone-age. Turn to 318.

144
The flyer's motor whines as it slowly lifts off, rocking under the
shifting weight of the insect bodies. As the Ion Drive cuts in, you
notice a slight change in the insects, they are turning towards
the flyer and a spurt of yellow liquid from the nozzles at their
front coats the flyer. Unable to see out, you increase thrust,
hoping to shake them off and get out of range, but one of them
clings on and as you cannot see to correct the flyer's rocking you
are forced to use the internal attitude display. Suddenly you
lurch sickeningly as the insect becomes entangled in the drive
intake and the flyer crashes into the deep blue grass. Within
seconds you are sealed into a lonely grave by the spurting yellow
liquid which hardens rapidly to a concrete-like consistency.

145
Your double's reactions are every bit as good as yours and the
blaster that now holds your face within its sights was pulled
from its holster before yours which is even now arcing upwards
but still pointing at the floor. The bolt of superheated plasma
completely demolishes your face and head and death takes you.
You have been killed by yourself.

146
The street empties of people in moments, they disappear down
alleys and through doorways you had not even noticed. You do
not have long to wait. The horseman reappears at the head of a
group of cavalry men who gallop towards you. One is dressed in
a swirling robe of many colours and he is gesturing strangely.
They waste no time on words but draw their swords. You decide
to use your Power of Will to protect yourself. If you wish to try
to control the mind of their leader, turn to 23. If you prefer to
control the man who gestures, strangely, turn to 12.

147
As soon as you point your blaster at one of the bizarre and
beautiful plants it seems to vanish. After three attempts you
blast anyway, in case they are putting an illusion into your mind,
but the ray seems to have no effect. It becomes uncomfortably
hot inside your suit and still you cannot hit them. They are
moving, always behind you, by thought alone, able to read your
thoughts so that you cannot surprise them. The flowers use the
crystal lens in the centre of their petals to focus the sun's rays on
you. There is nothing you can do, the back of your helmet melts
and your brain is cooked.

148
The Thrix seems unperturbed by the knowledge that you tried
to harm it. Apparently it can withstand the most extreme
temperatures and Ionic disturbances. It has recently seen
another being like you, walking down into the valley and it
wants to show you this creature. The Thrix's name translates as
Carborundum. If you believe you have met Carborundum
before, turn to 6. If not, the Thrix begins to roll downhill. You
decide to follow warily. Turn to 211.

149
At the press of a button your crash-couch swings up into
position in the flyer. You will have to pull up into vertical flight
almost immediately after you are catapulted through the launch
doors in the top of Falcon's Wing to avoid smashing into the
ridged stomach wall that surrounds the ship. As you press the
launch button the Failsafe warning lights flash in the flyer's
cockpit. In your haste you have botched the repair job on the
faulty circuit. The power cell to the launch doors has
overloaded. CAIN tells you that fusion or heat welding tools are
necessary to effect a new repair and none are carried on Falcon's
Wing. You will have to explore your situation on foot. Turn to
89.
150
The mind of this rock-being is so alien that you don't know
where to begin with your assault on its will. The Thrix is
entirely unaffected, but it seems to think that you have made a
gesture of friendship and it touches your mind with its own. It
clicks at you and your translator goes into operation. The Thrix
is saying, 'What did you mean by your flash of white fire?' Will
you reply:

It was a gesture of greeting and friendship?
I am sorry, it is a weapon and I thought you
were trying to kill me?

Turn to 104
Turn to 148

151
The first of your assailants reels drunkenly but the strike of his
rapier is as fast as a cat's. You dodge and spin to the side. Make
an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 58
If you score 2-5, turn to 44

152
Falcon's Wing rests on a wide green plain which stretches from
the Atlantic ocean to a single high mountain in the north.
Suddenly there is a loud bang inside Falcon's Wing, below the
cabin floor. Taking up one of the floor plates confirms your
worst fears, the Variac Drive has exploded, perhaps due to the
unnatural strain of jumping from one universe to another. It is
quite impossible to repair as you can tell at a glance. CAIN
flashes up a damage report confirming this and a mood of black
despair grips you. The digi-clock reads 9649 BC. You are
marooned for the rest of your life in Earth's stone-age. Turn to
332.

153
The tide of insects lasts for about ten minutes in which time
several hundred of the enormous beasts pass by. You wait for
some minutes to be sure that a second wave is not about to wash
over you, before taking to the air once more, hoping that the
flyer is not badly damaged. Will you:
Investigate one of the narrow tunnels in the
skyscraper-like rock?
Turn to 135
Return to Falcon's Wing to repair any damage
and leave this strange planet?
Turn to 310

154
You concentrate your mind and try to dominate the will of this
sentient rock, but its mind is so alien you don't know where to
begin. The Thrix is entirely unaffected, but it seems to think
that you have made a gesture of friendship and it opens its mind
to you. Its name translates, in a shortened form, to
Carborundum. If you think you have met Carborundum before,
turn to 6. It clicks at you and your translator tells you that it is
beckoning you. Suddenly, it lurches and begins to roll across the
rocky ground. You decide to follow warily. Turn to 130.

155
As you walk towards the city there is an eclipse of the sun. The
Danikoi will have known that it was coming and timed their
arrival for maximum effect. The eclipse has passed by the time
you reach the canal that surrounds the golden palace and you
crowd onto the roof of a gaily coloured pavilion on one of the
biremes that bob before the palace gates. There must be nigh on

four hundred thousand people gathered to watch the arrival of
the Danikoi. There are three of them, walking abreast, spindly
tall humanoids with sparkling eyes of gold, without iris or pupil.
They are naked, two male and one female and have no body hair.
They carry no weapons, though one of the males carries a
golden box. All around you people kneel and you gather that the
people of Atlantis revere them as 'Spirits of the Sky'. The
Danikoi address the people in their own tongue, they are asking
for three Atlanteans to return to the stars with them and offer,
in return, the 'pink jewel' which makes things which touch it last
forever. Could this be a stasis-field generator you wonder? The
Danikoi are preparing to leave, probably wary of over-exposure
to the ultra-violet rays of Sol, Earth's sun. Will you:

shout, wheels his horse and rides towards a gateway in the
enormous cathedral. You decide to move back towards Falcon's
Wing and are on the packhorse bridge once more when a group
of ten uniformed horsemen, led by the man whose will you
controlled, charge out of a stable under one of the bridges,
brandishing swords. You sprint back to Falcon's Wing and feel
your legs go leaden just as you arrive at the illusion of the olive
tree which is your ship. Inside the hologram you are drawn back
up into your ship as you hear the horseman shout, 'Turned
invisible! I told you it was a sorcerer.'

Step forward and hail them in their own
tongue, using the translator?
Turn to 292
Let them leave and try to get a look at whatever
lies in the golden box?
Turn to 281

'Let's get out of here,' you roar, as the microphone picks up a
shout of surprise. One of the cavalry men has got close enough
to see Falcon's Wing for what it really is.

156
After about two minutes a gong sounds within the monolith
and you pass through the archway. The crystal is a hollow
labyrinth of opaque walled passages but you walk straight
ahead, following a narrow white line on the floor, down the
straight corridor which leads from the archway to a small stone
throne before a great crystal wall that stretches upwards to a
narrowing point at the top of the monolith. In front of the wall is
what looks like an incubator with a huge white brain floating in
pink fluid within it. Beyond the crystal wall you can make out
the faint shadow of another incubator and a figure similar in
outline to yourself, probably Yelov. You hear Jahkela's voice, 'Be
seated', and you sit on the throne, facing the brain. The brain
has nerves running from it through the wall, but before you can
look closely a strange helmet is lowered by a metal grab towards
your head from an alcove in the wall. Thoughts of the
Frankenstein monster run through your head. Will you:
Throw yourself from the throne at the last
moment?
Allow the new helmet to be put on?

Turn to 10
Turn to 46

157
As soon as you free the horseman's mind he lets out a great

CAIN greets you with: 'I see you've been getting along well with
the natives again.'

'Why not give them all the secrets of modern technology while
you are here?' chimes CAIN sarcastically, but you are already
pushing the buttons to take you to another timehole. Note that
you have used another polybdenum rod as you slip into the grey
nothingness of null-space once more. Turn to 3.

158
As you step through the door you are surprised to enter a dimly
lit banqueting hall, long and low. The long trestle tables are
packed with revellers gorging themselves and sweating lightly
in the warmth of a huge log fire, above which a boar turns on a
spit. At the sight of you pandemonium breaks out. People throw
themselves under tables or try to hide behind each other. In
your environment suit you could not hope to be more
conspicuous. They are reacting as if you were a terrible monster
from a legend. You decide to leave the city as quickly as you can
and return to Falcon's Wing. You reach the Time Ship which is
still disguised as an olive tree and are drawn up inside before
anybody has ventured over the bridge to spy. You take off your
suit and ask CAIN to prepare something more suitable before
returning to the city. Note whether you don a toga like those
worn by the people of ancient Rome, a cloth of gold suit and a
bishop's hat or mitre, or armour and a sword. You wait for a
couple of hours, scanning the bridge with your camera, until
you hope things have settled down again inside the city, before

crossing the bridge once more. You decide to investigate one of
the two doorways beneath the bridges of the awesome and
weird building that dominates the riverfront. Will it be:
The same doorway as before, beneath the sign
Turn to 128
of the pillared temples?
The doorway beneath the colourful ten-spoked
Turn to 119
wheel?

159
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of thought at the
man who is still pointing the concussion tube at your chest.
Make a Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 362
If you score 2-5, turn to 356

160
At the press of a button your crash-couch swings up into
position in the flyer. You will have to pull up into vertical flight
almost immediately after you are catapulted through the launch
door's in the top of Falcon's Wing, to avoid smashing into the
ridged stomach wall that surrounds the ship. Do you wish to:
Power upwards immediately after launch?
Turn to 347
Turn on reverse thrust; then try to hover after
launch?
Turn to 355

glorious rose-pink sky and green seas. You have sunk a little into
the wet sand of a beach. A huge, thirty foot long green monster
basks in the gentle surf at the edge of a coral reef nearby. It looks
like a giant soft-backed terrapin, or a turtle without its shell.
You start in alarm, but CAIN chimes, 'Well done, Falcon, you've
done it again! The time is nearly right; it's 3031 AD, but this is
Bequal, not Earth. Oh well, it's only another rod of polybdenum
wasted.' CAIN's attempts to sound like a sarcastic Earther are
not helping your peace of mind.
'What's that creature?' you snap. 'Is it dangerous?'
That is a Bequali, Falcon, a highly intelligent and peace-loving
amphibian. The Bequali have invented space technology during
the last five hundred years and Will apply for membership of the
Federation in two years' time.'
'Did we grant it?'
'It is still under consideration in 3034 AD.' You are not in danger
on this idyllic world of small islands, sandy inlets and colourful
reefs, but there is no point in staying unless you need a welding
tool to mend the launch doors of the flyer, if you still have the
flyer that is. Will you:
Ask the Bequali for a welding tool?
Turn to 327
Decide that you may as well attempt another
jump?
Turn to 316

161
Whatever it was that hit Falcon's Wing does not do so again, but
that is small consolation since you do not have any polybdenum
to fuel your Variac Drive. You cannot make another jump, you
are marooned on Sandsea for the rest of your life. There is not
enough polybdenum in the molecular convertor to be of any
use. Wearily you lie down in your Autodoc to gain strength for
the time when you must go outside to find Jahkela again and ask
to become one of the people of Sandsea, if you can get used to
the heat.

162
As Falcon's Wing rematerialises you feel the ship settling
downwards as the hydraulic legs sink into soft ground.
Switching on the scanner reveals not Earth, but a world with a

163
You are not wearing any headgear and have had to leave your
Psionic Enhancer helmet behind for it cannot be disguised as
anything. Your only choice is to try and dodge their attack, turn
to 151 or use your blaster, turn to 186.

164
You rip your blaster from its holster and fire in a blur of fluid
movement. The sizzling streak of white-hot plasma turns the
gas through which it lances red and it plays across the face of the
intelligent boulder. The Thrix is undamaged after a continuous
ten second burst. A large rock near your foot flies up towards
your head and you try to jump aside, sluggish in the high

gravity. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 93
If you score 2-6, turn to 230

165
As the flyer settles above a large area of flat grey rocks, an alien
will attack you, struggling for control of your mind. Will you:
Carry on to land?
Turn to 121
Take off your Psionic Enhancer helmet?
Turn to 103
Accelerate skywards, catching some of the
beautiful flowers in the Ion Drive's exhaust? Turn to 94

166
As you crane your neck, watching the huge insect, it pushes
away from the lip, falling back first then righting itself with a
loud whir of wings as it flies towards you. You find it difficult to
aim looking over your shoulder and the lance of superheated
plasma which rips from your blaster misses the giant insect. It
smashes into you, its silver scimitar-like mouthparts cutting
your environment suit open. You are knocked from your
precarious hold on the ridge of cork and fall towards Falcon's
Wing, bouncing on top of it. The jarring impact does not damage
the armoured hull, but you lose 2 Endurance points as you are badly
bruised and battered. You slide down and off the curved side of
the Time Machine into the milky liquid below and your leg is
pricked by a thorn or spine. Your environment suit is torn and
the milky liquid bathes your left thigh. You heave yourself off
the spike and the plasnet seal of your suit closes the hole at once,
but a terrible itching distracts your thoughts. The irritant
contained in the liquid is affecting your nervous system. Remove
1 from ALL your modifiers until you can find an antidote. The giant
insect flies towards you and you make it to the Access Disc just
in time. The silver blades of its mouth scythe at you as you
disappear into Falcon's Wing. Surveying the insect through the
camera you see that it is joined by another and then a third, even
larger, insect with a spiked, coppery black carapace and larger
mandibles. You decide to engage the Variac Drive at random to
leave this planet as soon as possible. Turn to 300.

167
Your double's reactions are as sharp as your own. You leap over

your chess table and roll behind the massage couch as a bolt of
superheated plasma from your double's blaster slams into the
table. Your leg is hit and the pain is excruciating. Lose 8 Endurance
points. You roll onto one knee, blaster ready. Will you:
Risk a shot?
Surrender?
Use your Power of Will in an effort to gain
control?

Turn to 218
Turn to 227
Turn to 210

168
You have only enough fuel to make one last jump, but at least it
will be to Earth, even if it is in the past and there is a slight
chance you will be rescued by one of TIME's agents. Worried in
case Falcon's Wing is wrecked by whatever lurks outside you
make what you hope will not turn out to be a rash decision and
type in the co-ordinates of the timehole in Earth's past.
Everything goes grey as you wink out into null-space and you
spend the hour of waiting in the Autodoc, relaxing with the aid
of some narcotics. Note that you have used another polybdenum rod. After an hour the ship rematerialises and the
camera, free of squid-like beings now, scans the new landscape.
Turn to 143.

169
As you sit down on the stool, the nearest of the togaed men says,
'We couldn't allow a fellow Antiochan to be made fun of at a
Feast of Fools.' You remember that if you speak through the
Universal Translator so they can understand you your voice will
sound metallic and unnatural. Will you:
Pretend that you are deaf and dumb?
Risk speaking, thanking them politely?

Turn to 183
Turn to 198

170
Once inside Falcon's Wing you move quickly to the console to
switch on the Variac Drive once more. If the number of
polybdenum rods you have used is at eight, turn to 21. If not,
CAIN chimes, 'Falcon, this is not our universe, we must jump
again.'
'What do you think I'm doing,' you retort, as you scan the
psychic flux of the universe.

'We are running short of polybdenum rods, Falcon, it might be
sensible to jump to the planet Thrix, since this is the only planet
on which it occurs naturally.' The outside scanners show a
flying Death machine closing in on Falcon's Wing so you take a
snap decision and type in the co-ordinates of planet Thrix,
where a timehole has recently opened up. The greyness of nullspace envelops you and the Variac Drive whines complainingly.
'I'm trying to send us back to our own timeline, Falcon.'
'I hope you make a better attempt than you did last time, CAIN,'
you say.
'Really, Falcon, I don't understand why we computers bother
with organic life..'
'You can't fly through time without me, CAIN. You have no
Psychic Awareness to find your destination.' CAIN makes a
noise which sounds like an out-of-tune bell and you decide to
relax in your Autodoc. You may restore up to 11 points of lost
Endurance. At length, Falcon's Wing rematerialises and you turn
on the outside scanner. Turn to 243.

way out and order a hovrail car, but there is no warmth in their
mission. As you get into the car, you are surprised to find the
inside covered in luminous green graffiti which glows eerily in
the tunnels; 'Death to the Enforcers', 'Join the one in ten' and
'Where are the thousands in the Tau Ceti mines? Ask the
question in a loud voice, join the one in ten to rid the Federation
of our tyrant oppressors!' You have only seen graffiti in
museums before. Someone must have been missed in the last
psychic scan. Normally psychos are given new thought patterns
before they can get so dangerous, unless a lowlifer somehow got
into the car... At last you pull up near the luxury SocWork
pyramid where your glossy new apartment awaits you on the
109th floor. Turn to 13.

172

After an hour Falcon's Wing rematerialises inside the Eiger
Vault. The digital clock reads 3034, the day after you left for
4000 AD. You cheer and CAIN chimes, 'Congratulations,
Falcon, you can still pilot the Time Machine after all.' You are
about to step out onto the Access Disc when, to your horror, the
ship winks back out into null-space. Minute after minute passes
and CAIN reports a Variac Drive malfunction. A chill steals over
you at the prospect of spending an eternity in the void with only
CAIN to talk to. After a quarter of an hour's panic, however.
Falcon's Wing rematerialises and your scanners confirm that
you are safe within the Eiger Vault.

After a time CAIN shows you the ship landing near the city on
the scanner. It is disc-shaped and spins continuously. It can only
mean one thing, the Danikoi. The Danikoi are the most
advanced species in the galaxy at this time. Fifty millennia before
your own time, the Danikoi were already a decadent, decaying
civilisation. They had invented everything they ever wanted,
had no need of laws, and were no longer anything more than
pleasure-seeking Lords of the stars. It is known that their 'flying
saucers', usually piloted by bored Danikoi seeking excitement,
visited many worlds including that of. Earth, at all stages of
Earth's history. You guess that they are responsible for the
advanced state of civilisation here on Atlantis. In particular the
pink-tinged metal might mean a stasis-field generator. A
machine which puts a timefield around an object so that it
cannot be altered in any way until the timefield wears off. The
decadent Danikoi have forgotten the secret of this wonder
technology by 3034 AD. You decide to set out for the city once
more. Turn to 155.

You decide to call Jobanque, the Lord of TIME, on the
holophone. As you expected he is in his palatial new office,
awaiting news. He grins widely at the sight of you and says,
'Back already, Falcon? You must be tired. Go back to your
quarters, we can debrief you tomorrow,' and with that he
breaks holophone contact. You yawn, relaxing, and then leave
Falcon's Wing for your quarters. The guards salute you on the

You carefully edge the rest of the way to the ridged wall of the
prison that encloses Falcon's Wing. It arches above you towards
the puckered rim that shows a deep magenta sky, high above.
The climb up one of the ridges will be arduous and tricky. If you
would like to use your blaster to cut foot and hand holes, turn to
199. If you prefer to climb unaided, turn to 207.

171

173

174

As you open your mind to the alien you find yourself having to
make a great effort to remain sane and regain your human sense
of perspective. The Thrix live for millennia on a cold and lifeless
world, barren of architecture - they have no need of buildings,
and of almost everything else that you associate with
civilisation. It has recently seen another being like you, walking
down into the valley and it wants to show you this creature. The
Thrix's name translates as Carborundum. If you believe you
have met Carborundum before, turn to 6. If not, the Thrix
begins to roll downhill. You decide to follow warily. Turn to 211.

175
You step through the door beneath the sign of the wheel and
enter a large, low-ceilinged room, which is obviously a place
where people meet to talk. Some are buying drinks from two
pretty young women behind a long counter. The dark room is lit
with hundreds of candles and is packed with city folk clustered
round tables. At the far end of the cellar a tall man with white
hair and a ludicrously long pointed beard is reciting a poem
about the slaying of a black dragon, his plaited beard twitching
like an eel as he talks. The people nearby go rigid with fear; one
rolls onto the floor moaning, 'No, not me, not me.' They are
reacting as if you are a terrible monster from a legend. Several
look towards the bar, where one of the pretty young women
points at you and speaks words which for some reason are not
being translated by your machine. The other shouts, 'No,
Zatusthra, can't you see it's a golem?' Will you:
"Run out of the door and return to Falcon's
Wing to choose a more suitable disguise?
Walk towards the bar?

Turn to 2
Turn to 180

176
To your relief the air is breathable and no mishap overtakes you
when you remove your helmet and switch off your air supply
but as the Sundew become scarcer and you move towards the
pole of this planet the atmosphere becomes thinner. The air is
concentrated around the equator of the ovaloid world of the
Sundew and there is almost no atmosphere at the poles. As you
cross onto the wild wastes of the featureless plain of permafrost
you are forced to put on your helmet and switch on your suit's

air supply once more, sweating even though you have turned
the suit temperature down. You still have a long way to go and
the sweat is turning to icicles which scratch your armpits.
Falcon's Wing is camouflaged by the hologram generator to look
like a mound of frost. Desperately you try to get within range
and contact CAIN for directions. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5, turn to 253
If you score 6, turn to 233

177
You send a blast of thought at your nearest assailant as he reels
drunkenly towards you, brandishing his rapier. Make a
Thinkstrike Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 201
If you score 2-6, turn to 212

178
The flyer hurtles onwards until the land below you has
become a deep red blur. The beautiful flowers seem to cover
the ground as far as the eye can see in all directions. As you fly
you notice a complex system of drainage channels and
irrigation trenches, sluice gates and even what appears to be a
pumping station built out of a metal alloy. You are looking for
a place to set the flyer down when your mind is assailed by a
powerful will. Something is trying to take control of you. Will
you:
Aim a Thinkstrike towards the flowers
below?
Dive low and bathe some of the flowers in
the Ion Drive's exhaust?
Take off your Psionic Enhancer helmet?
Turn back towards the safety of Falcon's
Wing?

Turn to 192
Turn to 204
Turn to 215
Turn to 224

179
Since you have enough fuel to make at least two more jumps,
you type in the co-ordinates of the timehole in Earth's past.
Everything goes grey as you wink out into null-space and you
spend the hour of waiting in the Autodoc, relaxing with the aid
of some narcotics. Note that you have used another polyb-

denum rod. After an hour the ship rematerialises and the
camera, free of squid-like beings now, scans the new landscape.
Turn to 152.

180
To your amazement, as you walk towards the pretty young
woman, a flash of lightning comes from her finger towards you.
Even you will be lucky to dodge this unexpected attack. Make an
Evasion Roll.
If you score 9-12, turn to 229
If you score 2-8, turn to 205

181
You jump onto the fire escape and slide down to the gym and a
jet of rolling flames just misses your head. The people seize their
weapons, concussion tubes, laser-rifles and a particle disruptor
or two and point them at you. You stand still, your hands on
your head. To your surprise you feel your mind probed by
someone with Psychic Awareness. You would never have
recognised the burn-scarred woman in a worn black pseudoleather racing suit as Galatea, but you recognise the touch of her
mind. She trained with you at the Academy, but you were
chosen to be a Special Agent of TIME over her. You look into
her mind and sense many things: defeat, despair, and reckless,
unbowed courage. You also learn something of vital interest.
This is not the timeline of your world for the Falcon of this
world failed to stop the Hiver Renegade Lord and the Hivers
have taken over Earth and all but destroyed the human race.
Now only a few 'cells' or groups of desperate Earthers carry on
the futile struggle for survival. Galatea believes that she could
have done better than you, and prevented the cataclysm. She
also realises that you are not the Falcon of her world. She breaks
contact with you and says, 'Your Time Ship will have been
destroyed by now. You may as well stay here and help us carry
on the fight.' You realise that you must get back to Falcon's
Wing at all costs. Will you:
Say that you are going for a walk?
Use your Power of Will to control Galatea?

Turn to 326
Turn to 348

182
The uncertainty which you have felt since you became lost in

time has sapped your will and you cannot overcome the
horseman. You try to duck but the horseman senses this and
sweeps the sword blade lower. You can still see the world
doing gambols around your head as it spins away from your
body, then death takes you.

183
You point to your mouth and gesture as if unable to speak and,
to your consternation, one of them says that he will try to cure
you. You allow him to place his hands on your throat and he
begins to chant words which, for some reason, your machine
will not translate. When he has finished, a strange tingling
overcomes you and you can feel the tonsils which were taken
out when you were young regrowing. This man has remarkable
powers of magical healing, if you were suffering from an
irritation of the skin it is cured and you may restore your modifiers by
1 point on your Agent Profile. You pretend, however, that you
are still dumb and they put a plate of food in front of you before
turning to watch the antics of some scantily clad tumblers. Turn
to 416.

184
CAIN makes a sheer plastic body covering that will make your
body seem less lifelike as a statue in the molecular convertor. All
goes to plan up to the moment when you reach out to touch the
generator and flip the switch trying to lie, head in one hand, in as
statuesque a pose as you can manage. Nothing happens, then
you realise that you are lying on a couch in a museum under a
sign which reads, The statue of mystery.' Quickly, you get up
and people's mouths drop open as a forty thousand year old
nude statue simply walks straight off its podium. Unfortunately
the deadly, electrified flooring which keeps people from stealing
the priceless artefact that was you in statue form is still on and
the shock kills you. At least when you are identified, people will
know that you were the first Earther time traveller.

185
As you crane your neck, watching the huge insect, it pushes
away from the lip, falling back first, then righting itself with a
loud whir of wings as it flies towards you. But the lance of
superheated plasma which rips from your blaster shears away
the giant insect's mouthparts and two of its legs. It starts to fly
away towards the puckered lip of the womb-like prison, black

lymph pumping from its severed blood vessels. The pressure in
its wings drops, they fold like tissue paper and the being
plummets into the milky liquid in which stands Falcon's Wing.
Will you:
Continue climbing?
Return to your Time Machine and jump to
another timehole at random?

Turn to 296
Turn to 300

186
You draw your blaster as fast as any Wild West gunslinger as
your nearest assailant reels drunkenly towards you, brandishing his rapier. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 249
If you score 2-4, turn to 258

187
As you walk through the archway you hear the sound of a gong
somewhere inside the monolith. The crystal is a hollow
labyrinth of opaque walled passages, but you walk straight
ahead, following a narrow black line on the floor, down the
straight corridor which leads from the archway to a small stone
throne before a great crystal wall that stretches upwards to a
narrowing point at the top of the monolith. In front of the wall is
what looks like an incubator with a huge, black brain floating in
pink fluid within it. You hear Jahkela's voice, 'Be seated', and you
sit on the throne, facing the brain. The brain has nerves running
from it through the wall, but before you can look closely a
strange helmet is lowered towards your head by a metal grab
from an alcove in the wall. Thoughts of the Frankenstein
monster run through your head. Will you:
Throw yourself from the throne at the last
moment?
Turn to 10
Take off your own helmet and put on the new
one?
Turn to 5

188
Your foot catches the edge of your chess table as you dive. Your
double's reactions are every bit as good as yours and the blaster
finds its mark before you have scrambled behind the massage
couch. Your body is vapourised and death takes you. You have
been killed by yourself.

189
As you feel your way, sliding your feet across the ridges of fibre
you are unlucky to catch your foot in a crack and you fall heavily
below the milky liquid. A hard thorn or spine pierces your
environment suit and the liquid bathes your left thigh. You
heave yourself off the spike and the plasnet seal of your suit
closes the hole at once, but a terrible itching distracts your
thoughts. The irritant contained in the liquid is affecting your
nervous system. Remove 1 point from ALL your modifiers until you can
find an antidote. Turn to 173.

190
Have you travelled to a planet called Sandsea? If you have not,
turn to 256. If you have, all goes to plan up to the moment when
CAIN makes a sheer plastic body covering that will make your
body seem less lifelike as a statue in the molecular convertor.
You reach out to touch the generator and flip the switch trying
to lie, head in one hand, in as statuesque a pose as you can
manage. Nothing happens.. Then you realise that you are
lying on a bed in the Research Section of TIME in the Eiger
Vault. Agent Chameleon has sowed the legend of Falcon the
Saviour of Sandsea as your message requested. Turn to 420.

191
You speak into the helmet mike and a stream of clicks is
synthesized by your translator. A part of the alien's mind
reaches out to touch yours and you realise that it wants to know
what you are. If you tell it too much about yourself, you risk
breaking the First Law of TIME and changing history. Will you:
Try to use your Power of Will to control the
Thrix?
Turn to 154
Risk putting your mind in full contact with the
alien using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 174

192
Your power of Thinkstrike is useful against two individuals at
the most, but you hurl a blast of thought anyway at a flower
ahead of the flyer. It appears to droop slightly, but the will which
assails yours is totally overpowering and you are forced to let go
of the flyer's controls. Its nose tilts gently downwards and you
plough into the flowers at several times the speed of sound. The
flyer bounces, hits the ground again and begins to fall apart.

Seconds later the crash-cell, the cockpit itself, is rolling end over
end through the flowers, cutting a swathe through them. Turn
to 247.

193
You pull your sword from its sheath, but it feels cumbersome to
your untrained hand. As your drunken attacker reels towards
you and lunges you try to parry his rapier, but miss and the
point finds your heart. Death is instantaneous and no one will
ever know that you were the first Earther ever to undergo
future travel.

194
The hatch doors whir closed and the life-support system flushes
out the contaminated air. You ask CAIN if the flyer hatch doors
are damaged in some way, as they did not close automatically
after the flyer was launched, but CAIN reports that all functions
of Falcon's Wing are fully operational. You prepare to travel
once more through time and space. Turn to 300.

195
They listen to your story carefully, but the concussion tube
never wavers. At last the woman says, 'So you're Falcon. If
you'd stopped the Renegade Lord we wouldn't be the last
survivors of a forgotten race.'
Turn your drive down, Jonjoe. Falcon was supposed to have
been killed by the Siriun traitor, Yelov. It could still be an
infiltrator.' You realise that if what they say is true, you are on
an alternative timeline, not that of your own world, for you
eliminated the Hiver threat in 3033 AD. You realise you must
return to Falcon's Wing and jump again as soon as you can.
'There's one quick way to find out,' the woman smiles cruelly.
Will you:
Thinkstrike the man?
Turn to 159
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe his mind?Turn to 141
Use your Power of Will to control the woman's
mind?
Turn to 299

196
Your will triumphs over the horseman's, his hand goes numb

and the sword clatters to the flagstones of the street. You use
your control over him to find out something about this world.
He knows nothing of Earth, yet looks exactly like an Earthman.
This world is very different, even from mediaeval Earth. He calls
it Orb and it is a place where incredible monsters and magic are
every day realities. You can tell that it is a highly civilised world
as far as learning goes, but one which uses the most incredible
magical powers instead of technology. He is an important figure
in the cathedral to the god of Chaos, Threnoday, a being who he
believes really exists, and you are in a city called Mitilene. You
would probe his mind further but there is a glazed look in his
eye, and he sits unmoving in the saddle. The townsfolk are
beginning to grow curious. Will you:
Free the horseman's mind and go on?
Take him outside the city and tie him up?

Turn to 157
Turn to 132

197
Have you travelled to a planet called Sandsea? If you have not,
turn to 256. If you have, all goes to plan up to the moment when
CAIN makes a sheer plastic body covering that will make your
body seem less lifelike as a statue in the molecular convertor.
You reach out to touch the generator and flip the switch trying
to lie, head in one hand, in ate statuesque post as you can manage.
Nothing happens...
In 3030 AD you are training at the Academy when Skirrow,
Research Section leader of TIME, asks you to come and see him.
In his office he fixes you with sparkling eyes and is clearly very
excited. He tells you that he has today received proof that you
are going to be the first Earther future traveller, a message from
yourself written in 9649 BC and kept safe in a time field. From
that day on the knowledge that your destiny is predetermined
makes your efforts at the Academy seem meaningless. You
become only an average student and are not selected to become
a Special Agent at the end of your course. The mystery statue of
Atlantis never existed and all your memories of being Falcon are
gone.

198
Heads turn as your metallic sounding voice grates out your
thanks and you mention that you are afflicted with a strange

disease. One of them says that in that case he must try to cure
this affliction. He lays his hands on your forehead and begins to
chant words which, for some reason, your translator will not
translate. A strange tingling feeling overcomes you and you can
feel the scars which mark your body itch, but when this passes
you feel wonderfully well. The man has miraculous powers of
healing. You may increase your Endurance points to 22 and if you are
suffering from an irritation of the skin, it is cured and you may
restore your modifiers by 1 point on your Agent Profile. You pretend
however, that your 'affliction' has not been cured and say little
else. They assume that your voice embarrasses you and they
turn to watch some scantily clad tumblers as food arrives for
you. Turn to 416.

199
Using short blasts which turn the mush and corky wall into
vapour you cut handholds at easy intervals. It is a slow process,
as you must wait for the holes to cool a little before putting your
suited hand inside them. As you cut you notice a purplish liquid
seeping out of what seems like a fleshy membrane below the
corky surface. It fills the holes, staining your suit and running
down the ridge in rivulets. You are about three-quarters of the
way to the puckered lip, when the gloom deepens. Looking up
you can see a copper-coloured insect as large as Falcon's Wing
flying down towards you. It has red compound eyes and vicious
looking silver mouthparts, like several threshing scimitars. Its
body is metallic and segmented and you can see black blood
pulsing through the vessels of its translucent wings. Its feathery
antennae flutter questingly towards you, as it clings to the
underside of the rim above you. Will you:
Stay absolutely still, hoping it will go away?
Use your blaster on it?
Try to find out if it is intelligent, using your
Psychic Awareness?
Try to Thinkstrike it?

Turn to 226
Turn to 235
Turn to 244
Turn to 257

200
His voice is a harsh growl; he is saying, 'Stay where you are,
stranger, or I will have that splendid robe to wear to the bath
houses.' You hear the ring of tempered steel behind you. Will
you:

Run into the throng of townsfolk and try to
lose him?
Turn round and pretend you are deaf and
dumb?
Turn and use your blaster on him?

Turn to 237
Turn to 246
Turn to 251

201
The first of your attackers slumps to the floor with a clatter of
armour and the others hang back, eyeing you half in anger, half
in fear. You are buffeted again from behind and turning you see
the young girl dressed as a page boy wrestling with the man she
was threatening with a dagger. He twists her hand until she
drops the blade, then picks it up and moves to slit her throat. Her
eyes, mutely appealing, beseech you to help her. Will you:
Come to the aid of the young woman by using
your power of Thinkstrike against the man
who has taken her dagger?
Turn to 303
Leave the drinking house quickly?
Turn to 319

202
Have you travelled to a planet called Sandsea? If you have, turn
to 220. If not, all goes to plan up to the moment when CAIN
makes a sheer plastic body covering that will make your body
seem less lifelike as a statue in the molecular convertor. You
reach out to touch the generator and flip the switch trying to lie,
head in one hand, in as statuesque a pose as you can manage.
Nothing happens ... Then you realise that you are lying on a bed
in the Research Station of TIME in the Eiger Vault. Turn to 420.

203
CAIN flashes a damage report onto the screen in front of you.
There was a more logical way of using the flyer's power to leave
this place/ it chimes, seeming to carry an edge of disapproval in
its tones.
DAMAGE REPORT
Flyer hatch door motor burnt out.
RECOMMENDED ACTION
Repair or replace faulty part.

NOTES

No replacement part carried.
Repair requires use of fusion or heat welding devices.
No fusion or heat welding devices carried.

You will have to hand crank the hatch doors shut and it will not
be possible to launch the flyer again until they are repaired. Note
that you will need to find a welding tool if you are to repair the
motor and use the flyer again. The life-support system flushes
out the contaminated air and you prepare to travel through time
and space once more. Turn to 300.

204
You put the flyer into a steep dive but the will which assails
yours is totally overpowering and you are forced to let go of the
controls. The swaying red petalled sunflowers surge up towards
you at several times the speed of sound and the impact is fatal.
No one will ever now that you were the first human future
traveller.

205
You are too slow and the bolt of lightning takes you in the chest.
Now you feel what it is like to be hit by your blaster, as a great
hole is torn in your environment suit and your lungs fill with
blood. You fall to the floor and fight for breath which will not
come. You drown in your own blood and no one will ever know
that you were the first Earther to experience future travel.

206

You will have to use all your strength of will if you are to force
yourself onto the lip itself. Make a Power of Will Roll, but if you
have less than 20 points of Endurance, subtract 2 from the
result.
If you score 6-12, turn to 250
If you score 2-5, turn to 213

208
CAIN makes a sheer plastic body covering that will make your
body seem less lifelike as a statue in the molecular convenor. All
goes to plan up to the moment when you reach out to touch the
generator and flip the switch trying to lie, head in one hand, in as
statuesque a pose as you can manage. Nothing happens...
In 3030 AD you are training at the Academy when Skirrow,
Research Section leader of TIME, asks you to come and see him.
In his office he fixes you with sparkling eyes and is clearly very
excited. He tells you that he has today received proof that you
are going to be the first Earther future traveller, a message from
yourself written in 9649 BC and kept safe in a time field. From
that day on the knowledge that your destiny is predetermined
makes your efforts at the Academy seem meaningless. You
become only an average student and are not selected to become
a Special Agent at the end of your course. The mystery statue of
Atlantis never existed and all your memories of being Falcon are
gone.

209

You speak into the helmet mike and a stream of clicks is
synthesized by your translator. A part of the alien's mind
reaches out to touch yours and you realise that it wants to know
what you are. If you tell it too much about yourself, you risk
breaking the First Law of TIME and changing history. Will you:

The beautiful flowers are packed so densely that you decide to
set your flyer to hover above them and climb to the ground
using the rope ladder. As you do so the heads of the flowers
suddenly turn towards you, as if they are watching. They are
eight feet tall and seem bizarrely menacing. Will you:

Try to use your Power of Will to control the
Thrix?
Turn to 154
Risk putting your mind in full contact with the
alien using your Psychic Awareness?
Turn to 174

Attempt to communicate with the flowers?
Turn to 62
Cut one down and take it to Falcon's Wing for
analysis?
Turn to 53
Simply walk among them in search of the alien
which tried to control your mind?
Turn to 40

207
The climb strains your arms terribly, they begin to shake as you
reach the overhang before the puckered lip of the living cavern.

210
You gather your thoughts and concentrate your will. As you do

so your double is doing exactly the same thing and a titanic clash
of wills takes place. If you are wearing a teardrop gem, turn to 9.
If not, the battle rages on and on, but the pain from your wound
nags at your brain and robs you of your strength of will. In the
end your will is taken over and your double probes your mind.
You both open up so that each can share the other's experiences.
What you find turns you stark staring mad. Your minds are
identical apart from small details. You have had exactly the same
experiences, both have been responsible for foiling the Hiver
Renegade Lord, both have Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both
have killed him in an alternative history that never took place
due to the changes you wreaked in the history of the world
Mechanon. Your double remembers Baal exactly as you do, but
you see the world slightly differently. The other Falcon believes
that a mining colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out but you
know that no such colony exists. The experience is too much for
both of you. You lose your sense of self and you both become
catatonic morons, neither wanting to speak nor even move.
Turn to 264.

211
The Thrix rolls down a steep gully towards the dry floor of the
valley and you follow behind. It is slow going in the heavy
gravity and the rock crumbles underfoot. You almost fall when
some rock gives way and find yourself staring at a pool of rock
dust that has been recently disturbed. It bears the unmistakable
footprint of someone in an environment suit. You make your
way more carefully now towards a set of caves which you hope
may contain a seam of pure polybdenum. Carborundum clicks a
warning to you that a 'thief is in the caves. You are twenty
metres from the cave opening when a figure appears, swathed
in the yellow fog of the thick Thrixian atmosphere. With a flash
of insight you recognise Agidy Yelov; you can just make out his
face, half covered in the metal mask which he wears over the
side of his head which you blasted away. At the same instant he
recognises you. He drops two pieces of polybdenum which he
was carrying and goes for his plasma pistol. The Thrix begins to
roll away down the valley at breathtaking speed and is soon lost
in the yellow fog.
Guessing that he is wearing a Psionic Damper, you reach for
your blaster. You must make a split second decision, fire or
dodge. If you choose to fire, make an Attack Roll and if you

score 7-12, turn to 84. If you score 2-6, turn to 73. If you choose
to dodge, make an Evasion Roll instead. If you score 6-12, turn
to 106. If you score 2-5, turn to 139.

212
To your surprise, the drunkard is not as vulnerable to your blast
of mental energy as you might have thought. He hardly pauses
as the tip of the rapier speeds towards your heart. You try to
jump aside at the last moment. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 322
If you score 2-7, turn to 331

216

213
The ache in your arms grows until you suddenly lose all feeling
in them. Next you feel yourself falling down towards Falcon's
Wing as your grip slides on the corky ridge. You bounce on top
of your ship. The jarring impact does not damage the armoured
hull, but you lose 2 Endurance points as you are badly bruised and
battered. You slide down and off the curved side of the Time
Machine into the milky liquid below and your leg is pricked by a
thorn or spine. Your environment suit is torn and the milky
liquid bathes your left thigh. You heave yourself off the spike
and the plasnet seal of your suit closes the hole at once, but a
terrible itching distracts your thoughts. The irritant contained
in the liquid is affecting your nervous system. Remove 1 from ALL
your modifiers until you can find an antidote. You carefully edge
the rest of the way to the ridged wall of the prison that encloses
Falcon's Wing. It arches above you towards the puckered rim
that shows a deep magenta sky, high above. The climb up one of
the ridges will be arduous and tricky. You will have to use your
blaster to cut foot and hand holes. Turn to 199.

214
You crawl stealthily away, but your mind is brushed by Yelov,
using his Psychic Awareness to find you. Suddenly more
hoof beats, the sound of men running and the jingle of harness
causes both you and Yelov to freeze. About eighty cavalry men,
some mounted, others on foot, resplendent in their blue
uniforms, are chasing the Indians towards the ridge. They are
spread out on either side of the trail and may find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Use your blaster against Yelov?

215 [Score a K]
As quick as thought you rip off the helmet of your
environment suit, which contains your Psionic Enhancer and
the will which was about to overcome you now seems less
powerful. You struggle to keep the flyer on an even keel as the
battle for control of your mind continues. Make a Power of Will
Roll.
If you score 5-12, turn to 277
If you score 2-4, turn to 288

Turn to 304
Turn to 365

As Jahkela and the land fish float serenely over the sand, you
bounce uncomfortably in their wake. The lower gravity means
that you bound at every stride, but it is difficult to find a rhythm
and, looking across at Yelov, you see he fares no better - he
looks like an automatic toy hurdling the air. The uncomfortable
pursuit lasts for half an hour by which time you are almost
exhausted, but at least you do not sweat inside your suit. In the
distance you can see a huge monolith, like an enormous second
millennium church spire which has been set down in the midst
of the empty sands. As you get closer you see that it appears to
be a single crystal reaching eighty metres towards the sporefilled sky, an archway has been hollowed in its side. Jahkela tells
you to wait outside the arch until you hear the sound of a gong
and then beckons Yelov imperiously. They move out of sight
around the edge of the crystal monolith and you wait. Turn to
156.

217
Your voice sounds metallic and grates out of the almost invisible
amplifier in your universal translator. You cannot understand,
the words you have said, but the horseman seems satisfied. 'I
should have your throat seen to if I were you - you will find the
healers in the wine-gardens beyond undertaker's walk. We will
accept anyone here in Mitilene, as long as they show some
courtesy to the Cavalry of the Wheel.' With that he canters off,
leaving you to survey your surroundings. Now that the
arrogant horseman has gone you realise that you are causing
quite a lot of interest. Several of the throng of townspeople are
wearing colourful robes and others wear armour and carry
swords, but none are dressed as magnificently as you. A small
furtive looking man dressed in a green-grey jerkin of quilted
leather sidles towards you through the crowd, so you walk
briskly on. Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs.

Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand, but
one is the sign of a coloured ten-spoked wheel and the other
shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek
temples of Earth. You notice people coming and going from
doorways beneath each and decide to investigate. Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Enter the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

218
As you dart up from behind the cover of the massage couch you
realise your double has read your thoughts. Another blast of
superheated plasma takes you on the shoulder and hurls you
bodily through a partition wall into the holocinema next to your
bedroom. You lose 12 more Endurance points. If you are still alive, you
slump almost unconscious, your blood is everywhere and some
of your ribs and your shoulder are showing through your
blackened and raw skin. Your double obviously thinks that you
are dead. After a brief inspection, your mind swims as you seem
to see yourself turn towards the holophone. Grimacing against
the pain you aim your blaster and destroy the being that thinks
it is you. You take a pep pill and after bandaging your wounds,
look around the apartment. Turn to 353.

219
Your suit continues to smoulder, but you make it back to your
flyer, and the cockpit seals you in. Turn to 307.

220
Unfortunately, when you arrive at Sandsea in Atlantis' far
future but your own past, Jahkela is not expecting you as a
Saviour, Chameleon has not visited Sandsea to plant the legend
of your coming. You are undefended and Yelov's plasma pistol
ends your life. Yelov has taken his revenge after all.

221
A strange swirling pattern forms in the yellow mist, between
you and the Thrix. A wave of sonic vibrations shakes your suit
and you begin to feel as if you must vomit. Will you:
Try to communicate with the alien?
Use your blaster on the rock-like being?
Use your Power of Will to control it?

Turn to 191
Turn to 164
Turn to 154

222
The almighty what?' says the horseman coldly. Will you:
Ignore him and walk on?
Turn to 200
Wave your hand in the direction of the huge
building before you?
Turn to 312
Use your power of Thinkstrike against him? Turn to 328

223
Too late! You remember that many of the streets in Old Geneva
are cul de sac streets that lead nowhere. You are faced with a
dead end, a tall wall against which shattered plasteel rubbish
containers are piled. There is nowhere to go and you are faced
with a howling mob intent on killing you. You fell two with
Thinkstrikes, but you cannot pick out a leader on whom to use
the Power of your Will. Will you:
Use your blaster?
Try to pacify them?

Turn to 293
Turn to 334

224
The flyer slows as you turn, but the will which assails yours is
totally overpowering and you are forced to let go of the flyer's
controls. Its nose tilts gently downwards and you plough into
the flowers at several times the speed of sound. The flyer
bounces, hits the ground again and begins to fall apart. Seconds
later the crash-cell, the cockpit itself, is rolling end over end
through the flowers, cutting a swathe through them. Turn to
269.

225
As the Death tank lumbers into sight, its grinding and clanking a
loud roar, you blast at the nearest set of caterpillar tracks. The
links break and the machine slews round to crash into a building.
Its weapons cannot reach you and you sprint to Falcon's Wing
and are drawn up inside. Turn to 170.

226
As you crane your neck, watching the huge insect, it pushes
away from the lip, falling back first then righting itself with a
loud whir of wings as it flies towards you. It looks as though it is
going to smash you into the ridge onto which you are clinging.
Will you:

Let yourself drop into the milky liquid below? Turn to 266
Try to blast it before it hits you?
Turn to 275
Stay motionless?
Turn to 284

227
Your double's blaster covers your every move and you are
securely tied up, and knocked out by a quick injection in the arm.
Minutes later you are taken away in a Citpol jetcopter. The
Enforcers take you to the Health Executive hospital where you
are kept under heavy sedation. A psychic recording of your
double's mind is superimposed on your own. What you find
turns you stark staring mad. Your minds are identical apart
from small details. You have had the same experiences, both
have been responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord, both
have Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him in an
alternative history that never took place due to the changes you
wreaked in the history of the world Mechanon. Your double
remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you see the world slightly
differently. The other Falcon believes that a mining colony on
Tau Ceti V has been wiped out but you know that no such
colony exists. The experience is too much for you. You have lost
your sense of self and you become a catatonic moron, neither
wanting to speak nor even move. Turn to 264.

228
He is almost close enough for you to risk using your blaster
when suddenly more hoofbeats, the sound of men running and
the jingle of harness cause both you and Yelov to freeze: About
eighty cavalry men, some mounted, others on foot, resplendent
in their blue uniforms, are chasing the Indians towards the
ridge. They are spread out on either side of the trail and may
find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Sprint back to Falcon's Wing?

Turn to 380
Turn to 323

229
You somehow dodge the lightning bolt which punches a hole
through the stone wall behind you. Reckoning that to fight
against people with such awesome magical powers would be
folly, you run for the door and the safety of Falcon's Wing where
you can dress in something more suitable. Turn to 2.

230
You are too slow. The Thrix causes the pebbles beneath your
feet to shift and you are powerless to stop the rock as it smashes
against your faceplate, cracking it. The yellow gas seeps into
your suit and begins to eat away at your skin and lungs.
Helpless, you can do nothing as the twenty-ton Thrix rolls over
you, pressing you flatter than a leaf.

231
It soon becomes obvious to you that the Sundew know nothing
about any type of mechanical transport. They have no roots and
are able to move themselves from place to place by thought
alone so have no need of machines which fly, though they
cannot move through space. There is no hope for your flyer.
You must walk the several hundred miles back to Falcon's Wing.
Will you:
Start off straight away, carrying the Sundew? Turn to 262
Examine it briefly, leave it and then begin
walking?
Turn to 238

232
The hair-brained plan works. If you have visited the world of
Sandsea, turn to 220. If not, turn to 184.

233
Alas! When at last you contact CAIN your oxygen is running
out and though you stagger on across the last miles of hardened
frost your footsteps falter as the air supply gives up. You die
within sight of Falcon's Wing.

234
You are fleeter of foot than the lowlifers, you manage to
reach the upper levels without them catching you and set out
for the Eiger Vault as you hear the wailing of another Citpol
jetcopter's siren. Turn to 379.

235
Clinging on with one hand you pull your blaster with the other
and take aim as the huge insect bears down on you, its
mouthparts threshing the air. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 7-12, turn to 185
If you score 2-6, turn to 166

236
As Jahkela and the land fish float serenely over the sand, you
bounce uncomfortably in their wake. The lower gravity means
that you bound at every stride, but it is difficult to find a rhythm
and, looking across at Yelov, you see he fares no better - he
looks like an automatic toy hurdling the air. The uncomfortable
pursuit lasts for half an hour by which time you are almost
exhausted, but at least you do not sweat inside your suit. In the
distance you can see a huge monolith, like an enormous second
millennium church spire which has been set down in the midst
of the empty sands. As you get closer you see that it appears to
be a single crystal reaching eighty metres towards the sporefilled sky, an archway has been hollowed in its side. Jahkela tells
Yelov to wait outside the arch until he hears the sound of a gong
and then beckons you imperiously. She takes you to an identical
archway on the other side of the crystal monolith and tells you
to enter it. Turn to 187.

237
You run through the people, buffeting and knocking them as
you go. Some of the people in the crowd are wearing colourful
robes, others wear armour and carry swords, but none are
dressed as magnificently as you. Under two bridges nearby are
two painted signs. Both have ornate writing which you cannot
understand, but one is the sign of a colourful ten-spoked wheel
and the other shows a city with many pillared buildings like the
ancient Greek temples of Earth. As you run you notice people
coming and going from the doorways beneath each. You decide
to dash into one in the hope of evading your pursuer whose
horse has knocked over a toothless old beggar woman. Will you:
Go through the doorway beneath the sign of
the wheel?
Go through the door beneath the sign of the
city of temples?

Turn to 119

239
The woman shakes her head and laughs, but there is no joy in
her laughter. The man says 'A Fungbrain, that's all we need.'
They think you are mad. 'It can't be an infiltrator?' he says.
Then: 'How did you keep your clothes so clean?' You realise that
they don't believe your story so just shrug your shoulders. '111
send it back outside just in case,' says the man.
The woman replies, That's certain death. What's your name?'
You give your codename, Falcon, with another shrug. 'I
certainly wouldn't have called myself that!' she says. Then:
'Come on, well take you to meet the cell.' The man starts, then
waves you towards a door. You walk in front of them down a
moss covered corridor which leads into a gym looking like the
headquarters of a guerilla anarchistica group of the 2300s.
Weapons of various descriptions are propped up against the
walls and men and women are tending others who are badly
wounded. A group of five squat on the floor, examining a map in
front of you. They look up and a dog, saved from the animal
park, sniffs you, wagging its tail.
'Welcome to the cell,' says Jonjoe, the woman who brought you
in. 'This is Falcon. Another warrior for the hopeless fight.'
'Shut up, Jonjoe,' shouts a woman near the map. 'Welcome
stranger, you can take Racal's place in Company C'
'Racal too?' asks Jonjoe. The woman who introduces herself as
Galatea, nods quietly. You pretend to be suffering from loss of
memory and they tell you that the Hivers have taken control of
Earth, after an agent of TIME, also called Falcon, failed to stop
the Renegade Lord of Time. They have wiped out almost all
Earthers, only a few cells like this one carry on the fight.

Turn to 128

'Until we triumph,' says Galatea, but there is no hope in her
eyes. Will you:

You have only enough oxygen left within your environment
suit to last for thirty hours and several hundred miles to go. The
instruments show that the air is breathable. If you wish to take
off your helmet and switch off the oxygen supply, turn to 176. If
you do not wish to risk taking off your helmet, turn to 419.

Stay to help these poor people for a time?
Turn to 260
Say that you are going for a walk and try and
get back to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 268

238

240
You take a recording of CAIN's memory banks and place it in a

capsule under your tongue. It occurs to you to leave a message in
the form of a rolled up piece of paper, like a scroll, which can be
set to come out of its own timefield in 3030 AD and addressed to
Skirrow at the TIME executive, not Yelov. There are various
messages you could leave. These are the ones you consider:
A. No message at all. Turn to 184
B. A message that you are Falcon and have come from Atlantis
and will be coming out of your timefield in 3034 AD. Turn to
208
C. A message that you are Falcon and have come from Atlantis
and will be coming out of your timefield in 3034 AD, but with
instructions that you should not be told of the message in 3030.
Turn to 202
D. A message that you are Falcon and have come from Atlantis
and will be coming out of your timefield in 3034 AD and that
they should make your odyssey through the Winds of Time
easier by planting a legend that you will come as a saviour to one
of the peoples you will visit. Turn to 197
E. A message that you are Falcon and have come from Atlantis
and will be coming out of your timefield in 3034 AD and that
they should make your odyssey through the Winds of Time
easier by planting a legend that you will come as a saviour to one
of peoples you will visit and give instructions that you should
not be told of the message in 3030. Turn to 190.

241 [Score a P]
You cast your mind into the Winds of Time, using your Psychic
Awareness and select the first timehole you can find which may
be in the vicinity of Earth. Note that you have used up another
polybdenum rod as you jump almost at random. You are
running the risk of jumping to a timehole you have already
visited. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 3 or 5, turn to 86
If you score 2, 4 or 6, turn to 34

242
As Jahkela and the land fish float serenely over the sand, you
bounce uncomfortably in their wake. The lower gravity means
that you bound at every stride, but it is difficult to find a rhythm
and, looking across at Yelov, you see he fares no better - he
looks like an automatic toy hurdling the air. The uncomfortable

pursuit lasts for half an hour by which time you are almost
exhausted, but at least you do not sweat inside your suit. In the
distance you can see a huge monolith, like an enormous second
millennium church spire which has been set down in the midst
of the empty sands. As you get closer you see that it appears to
be a single crystal reaching eighty metres towards the sporefilled sky, an archway has been hollowed in its side. Jahkela tells
Yelov to wait outside the arch until he hears the sound of a gong
and then beckons you imperiously. She takes you to an identical
archway on the other side of the crystal monolith and tells you
to enter it. Turn to 187.

243
As the scanner screen lights up you notice that the digital
readout shows that you are in the year 1923, but which universe
are you in? You travelled to Thrix when the traitor Agidy Yelov
was building his warfleet on Mechanon, but you were forced to
change history and although you remember, dimly, this planet,
CAIN does not realise you have been here before and gives you
a full datadump. The surface of Thrix is rocky and there is a
thick soup of yellow atmosphere all around. The atmosphere is
highly corrosive and you put on your environment suit. The
Thrix have space travel, in the form of steel girders welded
together with a primitive chemical type rocket like those used on
Earth in the 21st and 22nd centuries, strapped to the back. They
are slow, but the Thrix have a lifespan of many millennia and
being composed almost entirely of glass like silica can exist in
deep space. The rock-like Thrix are telepathic and can move
objects by thought alone. They are dormant at deep space
temperatures but regain the capacity for thought whenever
their ship nears a sun. Less than fifteen hundred remain on their
homeworld - the reason for their decline is not known. Very
little is known about their attitude to aliens in 3034 let alone at
this time. They are not members of the Federation (they will not
become members, that is), but they will trade polybdenum for
certain other minerals.
CAIN reminds you to look for chunks of pure polybdenam of
the right size to fit into the Variac Drive and you leave without
preparing a disguise (CAIN does not have the relevant data
stored in his memory banks in any case) and set out to explore.
You wade through the sea of soupy gas for half a mile towards a
deep valley that shows darkly below you when you catch sight

of a shiny black boulder, faceted like a diamond, but three
metres tall. It is a Thrix. Will you:
Ignore it and walk on?
Try to communicate with it?

Turn to 221
Turn to 206

244
As you crane your neck, watching the huge insect, it pushes
away from the lip, falling back first, then righting itself with a
loud whir of wings as it flies towards you. Using your power of
Psychic Awareness you probe its mind and it spins away from
you at the last moment, alighting on hooked claws on the ridge
next to where you cling. You can tell that it thought you were a
kind of burrowing grub, a delicacy that it would have eaten with
relish, but it was the smell of the purplish sap which attracted it
inside the Buloam tree. It cuts a series of V-shaped lines in the
ridge to which it is clinging, one above the other, and joins them
with a single downward slash of its silver mouthparts. It thinks
at you, 'Where is your Queen-nest?' as it slurps the purple sap
that gathers in the cuts it has made with a black hose, like ah
elephant's trunk. It no longer regards you as food. If you wish to
ignore it and climb on, turn to 296. If you would like to think of
Earth in 3034 AD turn to 305. If you think, 'I have no Queen' at
the insect, turn to 317.

245
You lie still, sweat from your face staining the streetmetal
inches from your eyes. The grinding and clanking sounds louder
as the Death tank reaches the crossroads, but you dare not move
your head to look round. The noise gets louder and louder and a
thrill of fear runs up your spine as you realise it is rolling
towards you. If you get up its laser cannon will blast you into
oblivion, but if you lie still you will be crushed to a filmy pulp. As
the roaring of the machine fills your world, you choose the
guerilla death, but your hand never reaches your blaster...

246
You point to your mouth and grunt, then shake your head. The
horseman begins mouthing words "at you which you cannot
understand. You don't know whether he is trying to find out
whether you can lip read or merely poking fun at you, so you
shake your head again and walk on. The horseman stares and
you decide to move off the street. The great cathedral

dominates everything. Under two bridges nearby are two
painted signs. Both have ornate writing which you cannot
understand, but one is the sign of a coloured ten-spoked wheel
and the other shows a city with many pillared buildings like the
ancient Greek temples of Earth. You notice people coming and
going from doorways beneath each and decide to investigate.
Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Enter the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

247
You find yourself forced to struggle out of the buckled cockpit of
the flyer and as you do so the heads of the beautiful flowers turn
towards you as if watching. They are eight feet tall and bizarrely
menacing and as you stand rigidly at attention you realise that
they are the Sundew. They are indeed intelligent and are
combining their mental powers to control you. Hundreds of
them hold your will in a mental vice. They realise that you must
have come from another planet and they wish to absorb your
knowledge of space travel. You can still control your thoughts to
a small extent. Will you:
Try to pretend that you are nothing, more than
a simple laboratory animal used in tests?
Turn to 335
Think that unless they set you free, Federation
Starships will destroy them?
Turn to 363

248
Back in Falcon's Wing, the enormity of the difficulties facing you
strikes home. CAIN points out that Atlantis will be submerged
in an awful cataclysm long before 1000 BC, so touching the gem
in the palace would mean that you would wake up at the bottom
of the Atlantic ocean and die. But if you steal the gem you will
change history. The Atlanteans may not maintain the
advantage in weaponry that will allow them to influence people
so far apart as the Egyptians and the Aztecs. At length CAIN
suggests a plan. Wait a few days, steal the stasis field gem and
carry it to wherever the prevailing current will take you away
from Atlantis, then build a raft to which you can tie yourself
firmly. Fire your blaster to attract attention, bury it, then lean
on to the land and touch the stasis field generator. You will drift

away from Atlantis, safe in your timefield, if you are lucky, to
the shore of Europe or Africa. The strange indestructible statue,
which is you, will be discovered and one day find its way into a
museum, where, forty millennia later, the field will wear off and
you will step free. Someone attracted by the lightning from
your blaster will find the stasis field generator and take it back to
the palace. There will be a slight change in history but its effects
will be wiped out when Atlantis is submerged, if you are lucky.
Similarly, even if they blunder into Falcon's Wing, they will not
be able to get in through its pressure hull. They will think the
Danikoi left it and all knowledge of it will perish with the
Atlantean people.
As a plan it is fraught with problems, but you decide to try it.
You manage to steal the generator and taking only the blaster
and your Atlantean body ornaments you reach the raft. If you
feel you have forgotten something, turn to 240. If you feel that
you are fully prepared and must not risk having anything else
found on you when you are discovered as a statue, turn to 232.

249
The crackling bolt of superheated plasma from your blaster sets
your nearest assailant's head aglow before turning to a
shapeless pile of ashes. The other two throw themselves behind
the overturned table, but to your horror one of the women
behind the bar points a finger at you and a similar crackling bolt
of lightning does the same to your head. These people have no
need of blasters to defend themselves. You are dead and no one
on Earth will ever know that you were the first of all future
travellers.

250
You manage to steel yourself, reach the puckered rim and heave
yourself over the side, grabbing onto a matted tapestry of thick
fibres. The sight which greets you takes your breath away.
Great grey trees stand all around you, towering hundreds of
feet towards the magenta canopy of the sky. You are clinging
onto the top of a fruit, like a giant coconut at the top of one of
these straight-stemmed trees. The ground below is covered by
lush blue grass which waves in the wind like a sea and pink
flowers as large as cherry trees are visited by a myriad huge
insects whose wings fan the grasses as they hover. There are no
machines or cities in sight. You are about two hundred feet up

from the ground. Will you:
Fashion a rope out of the fibres to which you
are clinging and let yourself down to the
ground?
Turn to 325
Tie yourself to the gigantic coconut and wait
for the bright white sun to go down?
Turn to 333

251
As you draw your blaster, there is the ring of tempered steel as
the horseman's sword leaves its scabbard. You can hardly
believe the speed with which he sends the blade hurtling
towards your neck in a great swing. Make an Attack Roll as you
try to shear off his head with the reactions of a skilled
combateer.
If you score 6-12, turn to 115
If you score 2-5, turn to 107

252
You dived down just in time, Yelov hasn't seen you and as you lie
watching him he moves carefully up the hill towards the ridge.
You can see no sign of a holo-detector and it is obvious that he
does not know where Falcon's Wing is. Instead he is questing for
you using his Psychic Awareness. He flings himself to the
ground suddenly as hoofbeats sound behind you. You look
around to see ten Red Indians cantering along the trail towards
the ridge. They wear buffalo robes into which their long black
hair is tucked, dark woollen cloth leggings and high moccasins
topped with buffalo fur. They ride past you and on towards the
ridge, looking over their shoulders constantly as they go. Will
you:
Crawl back towards Falcon's Wing and Yelov's
machine?
Turn to 272
Crawl away from Yelov beside the trail?
Turn to 289

253
When at last you contact CAIN your oxygen is dangerously low,
but you stride across the last miles and reach the safety of
Falcon's Wing just as the air supply gives out. Your lungs
burning, you tear the helmet from your face.and suck in the air
from your Time Machine. Thankful to have survived the

perilous world of the Sundew you decide to leave it. Turn to 280.

254
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of mental energy at
Yelov, it seems your change of strategy has taken him by
surprise and he falls, stunned, to the sand. Drawing your blaster
once more you step forward to finish him off, but one of the
floating squid-like beings hits your face plate, and all you can see
is an orange smear. You try to claw the sticky mess off but
another hits your neck and begins to ooze into your suit,
through the exhaust ducts. The membrane which surrounds it
splits and the jelly-like fluid of its insides runs down your back,
causing a burning, like acid. Lose 5 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, you stumble blindly for some time and it is not until you
walk in the direction that the woman has taken that you are able
to clear your face plate. A stream of squid-like organisms are
f l o a t i n g past you in the wind. You decide to follow Jahkela in
case they somehow kill you if you disobey her. Turn to 242.

255
As you use your Psychic Awareness to scan the flux of time
CAIN chimes in with a damage report.
DAMAGE REPORT
Flyer hatch door motor burnt out.
RECOMMENDED ACTION
Repair or replace faulty part.
NOTES

No replacement part carried.
Repair requires use of fusion or heat welding devices.
No fusion or heat welding devices carried.

You have so far only found one more possible timehole; it seems
to contain intelligent life on a world that is largely sea, possibly
Kelados in about the year 2300 AD. Note that you have used up
another polybdenum rod as you jump. Will you jump to:
The sea-covered world?
Turn to 100
The high-gravity world without life that is
probably at least close to Earth?
Turn to 34
The world which may not be Earth, but where
you have detected highly intelligent life
forms?
Turn to 86

The planet which could just possibly be Earth
in the Dark Ages or the days of a lost
civilisation?

Turn to 55

256
256
256
Your message asked that the Thrix should be primed by a
Special Agent to regard you as a saviour and to capture Yelov
when he appeared there, but the Thrix have no gods and it was
impossible to plant the idea without changing the timelines of
the planet which yields the only source of natural polybdenum.
Unfortunately, when you appeared in Atlantis' future but your
own past, the Thrix decided to destroy you since you apparently
had wished to become a tyrant over them. As soon as you left
Falcon's Wing a terrible sickness overcame you and you fell to
the floor. It was Carborundum who squashed you as flat as a
pancake by rolling over you.

257
As you crane your neck, watching the huge insect, it pushes
away from the lip, falling back first towards you, then righting
itself with a loud whir of wings as it flies towards you. Using
your power of Thinkstrike you hurl a blast of mental energy at
the burnished carapace which you hope houses its brain. You
sense that your Thinkstrike is successful for its legs droop
slightly, but its instinct to eat overrides its conscious mind and it
slams into you, its silver scimitar-like mouthparts cutting your
environment suit open. You are knocked from your precarious
hold on the ridge of cork and fall towards Falcon's Wing. You
bounce on top of it, the jarring impact does not damage the
armoured hull, but you lose 2 Endurance points as you are badly
bruised and battered. You slide down and off the curved side of
the Time Machine into the milky liquid below and your leg is
pricked by a thorn or spine. Your environment suit is torn and
the milky liquid bathes your left thigh. You heave yourself off
the spike and the plasnet seal of your suit closes the hole at once,
but a terrible itching distracts your thoughts. The irritant
contained in the liquid is affecting your nervous system. Remove
1 from ALL your modifiers until you can find an antidote. The giant
insect flies towards you and you make it to the Access Disc just
in time. The silver blades of its mouth scythe at you as you
disappear into Falcon's Wing. Surveying the insect through the
camera you see that it is joined by another and then a third, even
larger, insect with a spiked, coppery-black carapace and larger

mandibles. You decide to engage the Variac Drive at random to
leave this planet as soon as possible. Turn to 300.

258
Somehow you have missed your target and the crackling bolt of
superheated plasma which spurts from your blaster scours a
great hole in the stone ceiling of the cellar. Your three assailants
have thrown themselves to the floor and they pick themselves
up sheepishly, spreading their hands to show that all is forgiven.
Nobody has really batted an eyelid at your blaster. You are
suddenly buffeted in the back and turn to see who hit you. It is a
young girl dressed as a page boy wrestling with the man she was
threatening with a dagger. He twists her hand until she drops
the blade then picks it up and moves to slit her throat. Her eyes,
mutely appealing, beseech you to help her. Will you:
Come to the aid of the young woman by using
your power of Thinkstrike against the man
who has taken her dagger?
Turn to 303
Leave the drinking house quickly?
Turn to 319

blaster and runs towards you.
As you crawl your way back towards Falcon's Wing, the sound
of approaching hoofbeats behind prompts you to roll off the trail
into some long brown grass. Ten Red Indians are cantering
along the trail towards the ridge. They wear buffalo robes into
which their long black hair is tucked, dark woollen cloth leggings
and high moccasins topped with buffalo fur. They ride past you
and on towards the ridge, looking over their shoulders
constantly as they go. Yelov opens fire with his blaster and the
Red Indians turn in panic. You are helpless as he shoots them
down and so you draw your blaster, but Yelov's pistol spits a bolt
of plasma that knocks you onto your back in the grass. You are
only dimly aware as he stands over you and fires again. Yelov
has taken his revenge.

262
You have only enough oxygen left within your environment
suit to last for thirty hours, but there are several hundred miles
to go. The instruments on your suit 'show that the air is
breathable. Will you:

259
You are still thirty metres from Falcon's Wing when the clatter
of the Death tank sounds louder as it rounds the corner and its
energy cannon blasts you into oblivion.

260
You are discussing tactics with the people of 'the cell'.
Apparently the Death machines cruise through the air and
rumble along the twisted streets at all times. Two young boys of
about fourteen, carrying laser rifles, enter the gym. They are
also carrying a twisted piece of metal which looks horribly
familiar: it is the Access Disc from Falcon's Wing, which is now a
smoking ruin. The Hiver Death machines have destroyed your
Time Ship and you are trapped in a timeline which isn't your
own. Tomorrow will find you in a bunker hurling fusion
grenades at a Death machine, but another, high in the air, will
zero in and atomise you just after you have thrown your last
one.

261
You dive to the ground, but Yelov has seen you and he draws his

Take off your helmet and switch off the
oxygen supply?
Not risk taking your helmet off?

Turn to 378
Turn to 419

263
As you touch the gem all goes black. You are enclosed in a stasis
field that will keep you safe until 3034 AD. You have become a
pink-tinged statue touching the gem in the palace of Atlantis.
The people try to destroy you for breaking the law of the
Danikoi, but they cannot even mark you. Unfortunately,
several thousand years later, an awful cataclysm causes Atlantis
to sink beneath the waves and when the timefield breaks off in
3034 AD, the next instant of life to you, you find yourself
entombed in sedimentary rock and you are crushed.

264
You are only dimly aware - everybody's voices sound so distant
- and it does not occur to you to reply, when Section Leader
Skirrow and some medtechs come to take you both away. In the
care of the mental abnormality clinic of the main Health

Executive hospital in Alpolis you recover slowly. Your double's
recovery is quicker, but you are forced finally to appreciate the
awful truth - this is not your world. Everything here seems
more sinister, as if society is somehow turning bad. Your Time
Ship has somehow materialised in a parallel universe in which
you have no place. Your double Falcon, has always lived on this
Earth, and the people that you count on as friends are this
Falcon's friends not yours. The TIME executive of this parallel
world vote that it would be dangerous to allow you to return to
your own universe and you are kept under guard. You have
nothing to live for, your Time Ship is dismantled and escape
impossible. You are an embarrassment to the authorities and
when the parallel world Agent Lynx comes to serve the
termination order you are glad to die.

265
If you have brought back two pieces of polybdenum to Falcon's
Wing reduce the number of rods you have used by two. If you
have not brought any back and the number of rods you have
used stands at eight, turn to 278. Otherwise, you quickly
consult CAIN telling it what has happened. CAIN chimes, 'This
is encouraging, Falcon, the facts suggest that we may have
entered our own universe once more.' Cheered, you decide to
jump back to the Eiger Vault straight away, but scanning the
Winds of Time you realise that the psychic flux has been
disturbed. All of the timeholes are closed save for two. One is on
Earth in North America, at the time of white settlement, the
other is a planet you know nothing of but the psychic
impressions suggest a near-human type civilisation exists there.
Yelov is on your trail - you will have to try and outguess him. He
may expect you to travel to Earth, but if he thinks you will
realise this he may go to the other planet. Your only concern is
to stay alive long enough for the Winds of Time to calm so that
you can return to earth in 3034 AD. Will you jump to:
North America in 1866 AD?
The unknown planet?

Turn to 54
Turn to 392

266
You fall from the ridge down towards Falcon's Wing and bounce
on top of your ship. The jarring impact does not damage the
armoured hull, but you lose 2 Endurance points as you are badly

bruised and battered. You slide down and off the curved side of
the Time Machine into the milky-liquid below and your leg is
pricked by a thorn or spine. Your environment suit is torn and
the milky liquid bathes your left thigh. You heave yourself off
the spike and the plasnet seal of your suit closes the hole at once,
but a terrible itching distracts your thoughts. The irritant
contained in the liquid is affecting your nervous system. If this is
the first time the irritant has attacked your nervous system
remove 1 from ALL your modifiers until you can find an antidote. The
huge insect drones down towards you once more and you rush
for the hatchway into the ship. You make it to the Access Disc
just in time. The silver blades of its mouth scythe at you as you
disappear into Falcon's Wing. Surveying the insect through the
camera you see that it is joined by another and then a third, even
larger, insect with a spiked, coppery-black carapace and larger
mandibles. You decide to engage the Variac Drive at random to
leave this planet as soon as possible. Turn to 300.

267
It seems Yelov has decided to follow as well and you walk warily,
twenty metres apart. Turn to 216.

268
They look at you, disbelief plain in their faces, but Jonjoe just
says, 'Fungbrain', by way of explanation, and they turn their
backs on you. You step out of the door which leads along a moss
covered corridor and walk towards the twisted streetmetal
outside. You duck out into the street and begin to run towards
Falcon's Wing. Turn to 298.

269
You find yourself forced to struggle out of the buckled cockpit of
the flyer and as you do so the heads of the beautiful flowers turn
towards you as if watching. They are eight feet tall and bizarrely
menacing and as you stand rigidly to attention you realise that
they are the Sundew. They are indeed intelligent and are
combining their mental powers to control you. Hundreds of
them hold your will in a mental vice. They realise that you must
have come from another planet and they wish to absorb your
knowledge of space travel. You can still control your thoughts to
a small extent. Will you:

Try to pretend that you are nothing more than
a simple laboratory animal used in tests?
Turn to 335
Think that unless they set you free, Federation
Starships will destroy them?
Turn to 363

270
It is impossible to stop the images, linked as you are to the
malevolent black brain. The strain robs you of the ability to
disbelieve the apparitions and you become a raving, gibbering
maniac as your worst fears are realised. You die alone on the hot
yellow sands of Sandsea.

271
You position the flyer so that the exhaust from your Ion Drive
will bathe the monstrous insect and accelerate away. The Ion
Drive burns its wings to ash and it falls into the sea of lush blue
grass. The seed-ball insect floats gently skywards and the others
fly away towards the dazzling white sun. You turn the flyer
once more and your radar shows nearly fifteen sizeable blips,
moving past the fleeing insects and on towards you. You soon
sight a fearsome array, thirteen more of the monsters like that
whose wings you burnt off. Your Psychic Awareness picks up a
single thought: 'KILL the flyer', and your radar now shows
more than fifty blips approaching. It will be difficult to deal with
so many using only the Ion Drive as a weapon, so you decide to
fly back to Falcon's Wing and leave this strange world, setting
course for a random time and place. Turn to 310.

272
You make your way stealthily towards the two Time Machines
but your mind is brushed by Yelov, using his Psychic Awareness
to find you. Suddenly more hoofbeats, the sound of men
running and the jingle of harness cause both you and Yelov to
freeze. About eighty cavalry men, some mounted, some on foot,
resplendent in their blue uniforms, are chasing the Indians
towards the ridge. They are spread out on either side of the trail
and may find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Sprint back to Falcon's Wing?

Turn to 304
Turn to 323

273
As you skim towards the huge mounds of debris which have

obviously been mined out of tunnels you see several large
lizards each with six splayed legs like pond-crawling spiders.
They tread very carefully, as if trying not to disturb anything
lurking below the ground. As you approach the nearest red slagheap, you catch sight of a gang of the fearsome looking Repnids
digging a trench. If you would like to land and try to
communicate with them, turn to 344. If you prefer to return to
Falcon's Wing and jump to another timehole, turn to 330.

274
As Jahkela and the land fish float serenely over the land, you
bounce uncomfortably in their wake. The lower gravity means
that you bound at every stride, but it is difficult to find a rhythm
and you jerk along like a demented toy. The uncomfortable
pursuit lasts for half an hour, by which time you are almost
exhausted, but at least you do not sweat inside your suit. In the
distance you can see a huge monolith, like an enormous second
millennium church spire which has been set down in the midst
of the empty sands. As you get closer you see that it appears to
be a single crystal reaching eighty metres towards the sporefilled sky, and an archway has been hollowed in its side. Jahkela
motions you imperiously to step past her through the archway.
Turn to 75.

275
You have little time in which to draw your blaster, aim and fire,
as you cling on to the ridge with one hand. The huge insect is
about to smash into you, its silvery mouthparts threshing the
air. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 9-12, turn to 185
If you score 2-8, turn to 166

276
Almost too late you realise that you are in danger of letting the
Danikoi stumble across the secrets of time-travel, something
that would have the most appalling consequences. They would
use it to change the face of the universe and spread their
decadence through time. They are already much too curious and
you have to pretend that you are the last member of a dying
race, polymorphed to look like a human. The Danikoi are loath
to show you a stasis-field generator and anxious to regain the
Safety of their ship. They are drawn upwards by invisible tractor

beams together with the three Atlanteans and when you probe
their minds you find that you cannot stop them leaving you to
your fate. You will have to try to examine the golden box which
they left behind instead. Turn to 281.

277
Concentrating your iron will which is unbowed by the
knowledge that you are lost in time, you triumph over the alien
attack on your mind. You de-activate the Psionic Enhancer and
replace your helmet. Will you:
Attempt to land your flyer nearby to find out
what or who attacked you mentally?
Turn to 209
Fly back to the safety of Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 307

278
Without polybdenum Falcon's Wing will not be going anywhere.
You will have to risk confronting Yelov again. You change into a
new environment suit with a fresh oxygen supply. The scanner
shows nothing but the cloudlike layers of soupy yellow mist on
all sides. Blaster ready, you are lowered to the ground by the
tractor beams. A swathe of mist turns from yellow to red as it is
ionized by a blast from Yelov's plasma pistol. You double up in
agony, your suit ruptured, and Yelov gloats over you as you die.
He had followed you to your Time Ship and lain in wait, hidden
by the thick yellow gasses of Thrix.

279 [Score a K]
You dart for the chess table and your move is shadowed by your
double, but the table is nearest you and, grabbing it, you hurl it
with all your force. Make an Attack Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 313
If you score 2-7, turn to 324

280
'Going to have another try are we?' chimes CAIN. Note down
that you have used another polybdenum rod as you are about to
jump again. Since you know that you are on the planet Sundew
and CAIN informs you that the year is 2198, you have all of the
information you would normally need to jump back to Earth in
3034 AD. But, perhaps due to the disorientation caused by
travelling into the future, you still find it difficult to locate the

correct hole in the flux of time. There would seem now to be
four possibilities, some of which you may already have tried.
Which will you choose?
A world which has intelligent life but is largely
sea, possibly Kelados?
Turn to 162
A high-gravity world probably very close to
Earth?
Turn to 34
A world which may be where Earth should be
it is certainly heavily populated?
Turn to 18
A planet which could possibly be Earth in the
Dark Ages or the days of a lost civilisation? Turn to 55

281
You manage to find out that the golden box has been carried
into the premises of the golden palace. The Danikoi had
cautioned the people of Atlantis to use whatever is inside once
only, on each anniversary of the eclipse. In the meantime it is
guarded by two spear-carrying soldiers at all times. You wait
until night and there is great celebrating throughout the city
and a banquet in the palace, a perfect night for you to infiltrate
and open the box. You reach the room outside which the guards
stand without being detected and you Thinkstrike them both
senseless. Inside the bare room the golden box stands on a high
stone slab. You open it to find a red gem that encases what must
be the stasis-field generator in its own timefield. There is a small
control panel which is not inside the timefield, consisting of a
simple switch and digital date recorder. You guess that the
operator simply sets the date to when he wants the timefield to
last until, touches whatever is to be enclosed in the timefield
against the gem and flips the switch. Will you:
Set the date to Earth 3034 AD using the
Danikoi calendar, touch the gem and flip the
switch?
Turn
to 263
Return to Falcon's Wing to consult with
CAIN?
Turn to 248

282 [Score an H]
Remembering that you are low on polybdenum rods to fuel
Falcon's Wing's Variac Drive, you decide to steal out of the Time
Machine to the Variac Recharger to see if any rods are kept
there. CAIN projects a hologram of empty space beneath

Falcon's Wing and you are unseen as you leave it. You are
rewarded with two rods of the precious fuel. Reduce the
number of rods you have used by two. You steal back inside and
prepare to jump. Turn to 17.

283
After a time the black brain tires of its evil sport and the
apparitions fade and you are able to search its living memory
banks. Everything becomes clearer to you. It is an organic
computer, called Ormon, and it is worshipped by the people of
this planet, Sandsea. Jahkela means, 'The Priestess' and she is
the only one allowed into the crystal monolith to hear the
commands of the Lord Ormon. Jahkela's people once possessed
an advanced technology, but when 'Evil' came and the
technology was used to almost wipe each other out, they
shunned machines. Only the priestess is allowed to use the
nerve sword, the polished shield and the silver sceptre, which
are all powerful artifacts. Ormon tells the priestess how to keep
her people alive whenever a natural disaster occurs on Sandsea,
but now the living computer has malfunctioned, it believes
Jahkela and her people are no longer worth preserving. In
Sandsea's distant past, before the Final War, a beirjg, a gleaming
gold land fish, came from the stars to tell Ormon that one day a
Saviour, you Falcon, would arrive and save the people of this
world. You can tell by the emblem which he bore that this being
was Special Agent Chameleon of the SAS and TIME. Your heart
leaps as you realise that Chameleon must have come from your
own future to prepare the way for you here, and that this means
you will find your way back to Earth in 3034 AD. But then you
remember that the timelines can change at any time, things that
have already happened may make success impossible. At any
fate you still have to tread carefully. Will you:
Forget about the inhabitants of Sandsea and
tell Ormon that it can have new 'better'
people to care for if it orders Jahkela to
return you safely to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 37
Tell it that as their god it is responsible for the
way that the people of Sandsea are and it is
up to Ormon to make them 'better'?
Turn to 19
Plead on behalf of the people of Sandsea that
they will die horribly without Ormon's help? Turn to 28

284
The huge insect slams into you, flattening you against the ridge
of cork, before seizing you in its claws. The silver scimitar-like
mouthparts make quick work of your environment suit as you
struggle in its powerful grip. There is nothing you can do as
your chest is slashed open and you die of shock. Nobody on
Earth will ever know that you were the first future traveller of
all time.

285
As you turn to run they become a howling mob. 'A TIME
Enforcer,' shouts one, and they rush after you screaming for
your death. You sprint past a row of broken visi-booths and
come to a fork in the road. Will you turn:
Right down a street which turns abruptly right
again?
Turn to 223
Left down a street which leads to a crossroads? Turn to 234

286
The flyer settles onto the sandy soil with a gentle crunch and
you get out to look around. You stay quite close to the flyer but
can see no trace of the life which you 'feel' all around you.
Suddenly the ground begins to tremble. Will you:
Stay still until the earthquake, if that is what
it is, passes?
Turn to 120
Rush back to your flyer and take off?
Turn to 308

287
You set off after Jahkela, but your mind is suddenly assailed by
Yelov's powerful will. A titanic struggle of minds begins, but
suddenly one of the floating squid-like beings hits your face
plate, and all you can see is an orange smear. You try to claw the
sticky mess off but another hits your neck and begins to ooze
into your suit, through the exhaust ducts. The membrane
which surrounds it splits and the jelly-like fluid of its insides
runs down your back, causing a burning sensation, like acid. Lose
5 Endurance points. If you are still alive, you stumble blindly for
some time and it is not until you walk in the direction that the
woman has taken that you are able to clear your face plate. A
stream of squid-like organisms are floating past you in the wind.
You decide to follow Jahkela in case they somehow kill you if you
disobey her. Turn to 216.

288
Although taking off the helmet has lessened the strength with
which the alien will channels into your mind your worry at
being lost in time has left you mentally weakened and you
succumb. Your will is no longer your own and you are forced to
let go of the flyer's controls. Its nose tilts gently downwards and
you plough into the flowers at several times the speed of sound.
The flyer bounces, hits the ground again and begins to fall apart,
Seconds later the crash-cell, the cockpit itself, is rolling end over
end through the flowers, cutting a swathe through them. Turn
to 247.

289
You crawl stealthily away, but your mind is brushed by Yelov
using his Psychic Awareness to find you. Suddenly more
hoofbeats, the sound of men running and the jingle of harness
cause both you and Yelov to freeze. About eighty cavalry men,
some mounted, others on foot, resplendent in their blue
uniforms, are chasing the Indians towards the ridge. They are
spread out on either side of the trail and may find you. Will you:
Pretend to be dead and hope they don't find
you?
Use your blaster against Yelov?

Turn to 304
Turn to 365

290
As you go for your blaster your double has exactly the same
thought. Your blasters take aim and the two blasts of
superheated plasma spit simultaneously. Your bolt has killed
your double, but there is nothing where your face used to be.
You have been killed by yourself.

291
The flyer hovers motionless as the giant insect flies up to it, its
scimitar-like mouthparts threshing the air menacingly. Using
your Psychic Awareness you try to explore its alien mind. It
appears to be a simple version of a sophisticated life form which
communicates by scent. Its function is to guard the 'Queenhome' and it cannot even feed itself, relying on another form of
insect to keep it alive. You haven't triggered its kill response so it
turns away, ignoring you. As it goes you glean the information
that the 'Brain Parasites' of the species are kept safe within the

heavily defended Queenhome which lies in the direction of the
dazzling white sun. If you would like to fly in search of it, turn to
408. If you would prefer to leave this strange world, returning
to Falcon's Wing to set course for a random time and place, turn
to 310.

292
The effect on the Danikoi as you speak is immediate, their cool
poise is ruffled and they are plainly astonished to hear an
Atlantean speaking their own language in robotic tones.
Everyone stares and you walk towards the Danikoi explaining
that you are not as you seem. They order the people to stay and
you walk with them to their starship which hovers, still
spinning, above the lower slopes of the mountain. Will you:
Tell them that you are a Time Traveller and ask
them to take you to Danikos where you can
leave a message for the future so that
someone will come to collect you if you do
not die first?
Turn to 351
If you do not trust the Danikoi simply ask to
see a stasis-field generator?
Turn to 276

293
It is risky to use your blaster, but its beam keeps the crowd at
bay and you do not have to kill any of them. They are forced to
let you go but you hear them screaming against the TIME
Executive and threatening reprisals. You return quickly to the
upper levels and set out for the Eiger Vault. Turn to 379.

294
Now that you have left the Sundew behind, you make much
faster progress onto the wild wastes of the featureless plain of
permafrost. The atmosphere is thinning and your lungs are
burning. The atmosphere is thickest at the equator of this
ovaloid world and almost non-existent at the poles. You are
forced to put on your helmet and switch on your suit's air supply
once more, sweating even though you have turned the suit
temperature down. You still have a long way to go and the
sweat is turning to icicles which scratch your armpits. Falcon's
Wing is camouflaged by the hologram generator to look like a
mound of ice. Desperately you try get within range and contact

CAIN for directions. Make a Chance Roll.
If you score 1, 4 or 5, turn to 253
If you score 2, 3 or 6, turn to 233

295
As you concentrate your thoughts and attack Yelov's mind, he is
doing exactly the same. A titanic battle of wills begins. Suddenly
one of the floating squid-like beings hits your face plate, and all
you can see is an orange smear. You try to claw the sticky mess
off but another hits your neck and begins to ooze into your suit,
through the exhaust ducts. The membrane which surrounds it
splits and the jelly-like fluid of its insides runs down your back,
causing a burning sensation, like acid. Lose 5 Endurance points. If
you are still alive, you stumble blindly for some time and it is not
until you walk in the direction that the woman has taken that
you are able to clear your face plate. A stream of squid-like
organisms are floating past you in the wind. You decide to
follow Jahkela in case they somehow kill you if you disobey her.
Yelov seems to have reached the same decision and you walk
warily, some twenty metres away from him. Turn to 236.

296
You climb painstakingly to the rim and heave yourself over the
side, grabbing onto a matted tapestry of thick fibres. The sight
which greets you takes your breath away. Great grey trees
stand all around you, towering hundreds of feet towards the
magenta canopy of the sky. You are clinging onto the top of a
fruit like a giant coconut at the top of one of these straightstemmed trees. The ground below is covered by lush blue grass
which waves in the wind like a sea, and pink flowers as large as
cherry trees are visited by a myriad huge insects whose wings
fan the grasses as they hover. There are no machines or cities in
sight. You are about two hundred feet up from the ground. Will
you:
Fashion a rope out of the fibres to which you
are clinging and let yourself down to the
ground?
Turn to 325
Tie yourself to the gigantic coconut and wait
for the bright white sun to go down?
Turn to 333

297
When at last you can go on no more, you drag yourself out of the
apartment to the lift bay. Your double, as mentally tired as you
are, staggers after you, but the lift takes you out of sight
towards the streets below before you can be stopped. Turn to
358.

298
As you run down the curving span of twisted streetmetal, you
are relieved to see Falcon's Wing, a hundred metres away, still
intact. To reach it you must cross an offset junction where two
more arcing bridges of streetmetal join what were once
warehouse areas to the main cityway. There is an ominous
metal clapping and grinding from the street off to the right. Will
you:
Turn left into the warehouse area before you
reach the right hand turning?
Turn to 376
Sprint across the crossroads towards Falcon's
Wing at full speed?
Turn to 384

299
You concentrate your mind on the woman but a drowsy
numbness overcomes your senses. The man has fired his
concussion tube and you slump, unconscious, to the cracked
plastic floor. They do not allow you to come round. The woman
slits your throat in a single practised movement.

300
Selecting your next destination will be difficult because you
have no idea where in time and space you are. If you can trust
CAIN's circuits, then you are still in the future - the digital
readout shows 3747 AD. As you use your Psychic Awareness to
scan time and space for the timehole on Earth in 3034, you find it
impossible to guess the correct location with any degree of
certainty. The choices appear to be between four timeholes. The
first is where a hunch tells you Earth should be and it is a heavily
populated world. The second is a large, high-gravity world
which seems to be without life, but is probably at least close to
Earth. The third is a world which could just possibly be Earth in
the Dark Ages or the days of a lost civilisation. The last may not
be Earth but you detect, psychically, highly intelligent life forms

there. You type in your chosen coordinates and instruct CAIN
to engage the Variac Drive. You may use the Autodoc now, if
you need to. In the stillness of the void, CAIN gives you some
further information. It seems that a fault may be developing in
the Variac Drive itself, something which it is quite beyond you
to rectify. CAIN reminds you that you have now used three of
the eight polybdenum rods which Falcon's Wing carries. Each
time you use the Variac Drive to shift you to another timehole,
another rod will be used up. If you have not reached Earth in
3034 AD within your next five jumps you probably never will.
You can only hope that your choice has taken you close to home.
If you chose the heavily populated world, turn to 18. If you
chose the large, high-gravity world, turn to 34. If you chose the
world which could just possibly be Earth in the Dark Ages, turn
to 55. If you chose the world with highly intelligent life forms,
turn to 86.

301 (Score an L]
Your four guards obey without hesitating and they escort you
down the moss lined corridor behind you and out onto the
twisted streetmetal of the cityway beyond. As you run down the
curving span of twisted streetmetal, you are relieved to see
Falcon's Wing, a hundred metres away, still intact. To reach it
you must cross an offset junction where two more arcing
bridges of streetmetal join what were once warehouse areas to
the main cityway. There is an ominous metal clapping and
grinding from the street off to the right. Your guards shout at
you to run faster as you sprint across the open space at the
crossroads. You look to the right to see a tank as large as a small
stratocruiser rolling towards you on broad metal tracks. It has
an energy cannon mounted on a revolving armoured turret and
pulse lasers, pointing forward, along its sides. You run on, but
the turret whirs menacingly as it tracks you and an energy
projectile from the cannon explodes on the streetmetal behind
you. You are hurled thirty feet down the cityway and your neck
and back are damaged. You lose 9 Endurance points. If you are still
alive, you struggle on as the guards go to ground. The Deathtank spends time trying to flame them out with a flame thrower
mounted on its side and you reach the safety of Falcon's Wing.
Turn to 170.

302
As Falcon's Wing rematerialises you feel the ship settling
downwards as the hydraulic legs sink into soft ground.
Switching on the scanner reveals not Earth, but a world with a
glorious rose-pink sky and green seas. You have sunk a little into
the wet sand of a beach. A thirty foot long green monster basks
in the gentle surf at the edge of a coral reef nearby. It looks like a
giant soft-backed terrapin, or a turtle without its shell. You start
in alarm but CAIN chimes, 'Well done, Falcon, you've done it
again. The time is nearly right, it's 3031 AD, but this is Bequal,
not Earth. Oh well, it's only another rod of polybdenum wasted!'
CAIN's attempts to sound like a sarcastic Earther are not
helping your peace of mind.
'What's that creature?' you snap. 'Is it dangerous?'
'That is a Bequali, Falcon, a highly intelligent and peace-loving
amphibian. The Bequali have invented space technology during
the last five hundred years and will apply for membership of the
Federation in two years time.'
'Did we grant it?'
'It is still under consideration in 3034 AD.' You are not in danger
on this idyllic world of small islands, sandy inlets and colourful
reefs, but there is no point in staying unless you need a welding
tool to mend the launch doors of the flyer, if you still have the
flyer, that is. Will you:
Turn to 327
Try to ask the Bequali for a welding tool?
Decide that you may as well attempt another
jump?
Turn to 316
303
You concentrate your mind and hurl a blast of thought at the
man, who crumples helplessly into a pool of slops on the floor.
The girl takes back her dagger, then offers you her hand, as if to
lead you out of the drinking house. Deciding that it would be a
good idea to leave, in case there is more trouble, you move
quickly away from the overturned table and out into the street,
where she asks you if you would like to come home with her. If
you would, turn to 389, if you would rather return to Falcon's
Wing, turn to 396.

308

304
The cavalry charge on past you and you are undiscovered, but
now you are not sure where Yelov is. The attention of the
cavalry men is firmly fixed on the Red Indians who seem to be
taunting them. One of them wheels his horse and canters back
and forth along the ridge. Will you:
Try to steal up to Yelov's Time Machine and
damage it so that he is trapped in Earth's
past?
Lie low and wait?
Try to get back to Falcon's Wing to see if you
can jump to the Eiger Vault 3034 AD yet?

Turn to 11
Turn to 20
Turn to 31

305
You visualise the world that you know, its cities, stratocruisers
and leisure domes, the blue sky and the animal reserves. The
gigantic insect becomes agitated, its thoughts are so alien to
yours that you cannot be sure what its reaction is. It flies
towards you once more. Will you:
Turn to 235
Use your blaster?
Turn to 257
Attempt to Thinkstrike it?
Let yourself fall from your position on the cork
Turn to 266
ridge?

306
The land fish turns and begins to float away at a speed which
you can just match, and two others appear as if from nowhere,
floating towards the dune which is actually Falcon's Wing and
towards Yelov's machine. Will you:
Follow the woman, Jahkela?
Try to Thinkstrike Yelov?

Turn to 267
Turn to 254

307
You arc across the sky towards the barren frozen pole. Falcon's
Wing is so well camouflaged that you have to call CAIN when
you are in range and get it to guide you in. The flyer hovers into
place inside Falcon's Wing and your crash-couch, with you inside
it, returns to the command console. Once more you psychically
scan the Winds of Time. Turn to 280.

Just as the flyer is taking off, the soil beneath it gives way and
you fall down into a great cavern. Fortunately, you fire up the
Ion Drive just in time and the flyer leaves a horrific sight behind
it. Repnids had burrowed a great tunnel underneath the flyer
and it almost fell into a writhing mass of them. You have had a
lucky escape. If you would like to return to Falcon's Wing and set
course for another timehole, turn to 330. If you prefer to fly on
towards the red slag-heaps on the horizon, turn to 273.

309
You rest in the Autodoc and the diagnosis screen flashes a
message at you:
THE MEDAWAR SYNDROME
onset of rapid ageing
Life Expectancy
300 days
At least you will die in a land of beauty and plenty. CAIN chimes,
'Not giving up are we, Falcon? I thought that's where you
humans had the advantage over we electronic brains - you
never give up even against hopeless odds.'
There must be something I can do,' you say. For some reason
the pink-tinged metal weapons with their curious dull sheen
enter your mind and you tell CAIN that you believe the
civilisation is more advanced that it should be for 9649 BC.
CAIN agrees and puts forward the theory that you have found
the lost civilisation of Atlantis. 'But why are they so advanced?'
you cry.
CAIN is silent. A few hours later CAIN chimes, 'There is a
starship in the ionosphere Falcon.' Your heart surges with wild
hope. Turn to 172.
310
You streak back towards Falcon's Wing at a speed far faster than
any of the life forms on this strange planet can match. You
hover gently down through the circular hole at the top of the
great fruit. To your surprise the hatch doors are still open and

you settle the flyer back into position in Falcon's Wing. The
crash-couch swings you down into position in front of the Time
Ship's instrument console. If you damaged the hatch doors
when you switched on the flyer's drive, turn to 203. If not, turn
to 194.

311
'I'm just going for a stroll,' you say casually. Galatea orders the
others to let you go. They look on in puzzlement as you leave
through a door which leads to a moss-covered passage and out
onto the twisted streetmetal of the cityway outside the ruined
factory, listening for pursuit as you go. Turn to 298.

312
To your surprise and consternation the horseman smiles, nods,
and says, 'All ways lead to your destination,' before spurring his
horse and cantering off, leaving you to survey your surroundings in bewilderment. Now that the arrogant horseman has
gone you realise that you are causing quite a lot of interest.
Several of the throng of townspeople are wearing colourful
robes and others wear armour and carry swords, but none are
dressed as magnificently as you. A small, furtive-looking man
dressed in a green-grey jerkin of quilted leather sidles towards
you through the crowd, so you walk briskly on. Under two
bridges nearby are two painted signs. Both have ornate writing
which you cannot understand, but one is the sign of a coloured
ten-spoked wheel and the other shows a city with many pillared
buildings like the ancient Greek temples of Earth. You notice
people coming and going from doorways beneath each and
decide to investigate. Will you enter the:
Doorway beneath the sign of the wheel?
City of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

313
Your double tries to dodge but is caught in the head by the
corner of the plasmarb table and falls to the floor. You have the
chance to:
Finish the battle with your blaster?
Use your Psychic Awareness to probe the
other's mind?

Turn to 337
Turn to 349

314
You agree to let them teleport you and before you can draw
breath you are standing next to a low mound of ice in the barren
polar regions of the world of the Sundew. Moving closer you see
that it is Falcon's Wing, the Sundew have been as good as their
word and teleported you back by the power of thought alone.
You are soon safe within Falcon's Wing and scanning the Winds
of Time once more. Turn to 280.

315
You turn towards your Time Machine, but one of the tentacles
of the land fish snakes out and turns around your neck. It lifts
you easily off your feet in the low gravity and pulls you towards
the woman who prods her sword at your face plate before you
can collect your thoughts. It glows blue-green and a massive
shock overloads your brain. You are left wandering like a
mindless idiot to die in the sand when your air supply runs out.

316
As you prepare to jump CAIN says, There are not many
chances left, Falcon.' You concentrate hard and this time when
you scan the timelines everything seems clearer than before,
perhaps because you are so close in time to 3034 AD. You
engage the Variac Drive. Note that you have used another
polybdenum rod as you wait for Falcon's Wing to rematerialise.
Turn to 3.

317
The giant insect seems to lose interest in you and begins feeding
off the purple sap that is running down the inside of the corky
wall, so you climb painstakingly to the rim and heave yourself
over the side, grabbing onto a matted tapestry of thick fibres.
The sight which greets you takes your breath away. Great grey
trees stand all around you, towering hundreds of feet towards
the magenta canopy of the sky. You are clinging onto the top of
a fruit like a giant coconut at the top of one of these straightstemmed trees. The ground below is covered by lush blue grass
which waves in the wind like a sea, and pink flowers as large as
cherry trees are visited by a myriad huge insects whose wings
fan the grasses as they hover. There are no machines or cities in
sight. You are about two hundred feet up from the ground. Will
you:

Fashion a rope out of the fibres to which you
are clinging and let yourself down to the
ground?
Turn to 325
Tie yourself to the gigantic coconut and wait
for the bright white sun to go down?
Turn to 333

318
CAIN has observed some people in the distance and it prepares a
disguise consisting of little more than body ornaments and adds
the precaution that you should spray your hair raven black. This
done, you leave your Time Ship to be embraced by the sweet and
humid airs of a tropical spring. You walk north towards the
single great mountain and, after a time, you come across a
settlement. To your surprise the people, a trifle shorter and
slimmer than you, but very beautiful with their raven black hair
worn long, live in houses made of white stone. They are farmers
and you notice that although the fields are tilled by hand they
have tools that you would not have expected to find until Earth's
late iron age. Walking on, you realise that you have stumbled
across a highly successful ancient civilisation. The towns have
temples built like pyramids, a cross between those of the
Egyptians and of the Aztecs. Walking on towards the mountain
you come to a wide, deep canal which connects it to the sea. A
miracle of engineering in such times. Hundred-oared biremes,
some with beautiful pavilions on their decks, form a busy traffic
and at last you come to a walled city of beautiful white buildings
and grey stone towers.
Doing your best not to feel uncomfortable without clothes, you
walk on, ignoring everyone and come to a market. One stall in
particular interests you. There are many iron weapons for
barter here, and some others which bear a curiously dull pinktinged sheen. Passing on, you come to another circular canal, the
first of three wide waterways which ring the mountain. Beyond
them is a magnificent golden palace. You spend five days
amongst the people of this land, which they call Utvuntas,
speaking to no one, but overhearing what you can, your
translator hidden in the girdle at your waist. You daren't risk
taking part in the lives of these noble people for what would be
breaking the First law of TIME and might change history. After
five days however, you notice a strange ache in your joints and
when you catch sight of yourself in a mirror of polished bronze

you are horrified to see lines of age on your previously unlined
face. Accelerated ageing has set in, due to your being so far from
your own time. If this continues, you will be dead within a year.
You decide to return to Falcon's Wing to use your Autodoc.
Turn to 309.

319
You move quickly away from the overturned table towards the
door. Before the man can slit the page girl's throat, she twists
and throws him over her hip into a pool of slops on the floor and
then grinds her booted heel into his forearm. He drops the knife,
she spits on him, then follows you out of the drinking house. If
you are wearing a cloth of gold robe, turn to 371. If you are not,
turn to 368.

320
The woman says, 'Ormon will decide.' The land fish turns and
begins to float away. She calls back over her shoulder, The
victor will follow me.' Two more land fish appear as if from
nowhere and float towards Yelov's machine. Yelov levels his
pistol at you once more and you draw your own, but you are not
quite quick enough. You are not protected this time, Yelov's
blast throws you onto your back, and a second finishes you off.
Yelov has taken his revenge.

321
You hurl a blast of thought at the creature and its coils loosen,
allowing you to break free. You run back to the tree and climb
the rope just before it catches you once more. After an arduous
climb you re-enter Falcon's Wing intending to leave this strange
planet behind and set course for another timehole. Turn to 300.

322
The rapier thrust misses you and you are making up your mind
what to do next when you are buffeted in the side. One of your
three assailants bends to pick up the table which you turned
over, and says, 'Come on lads, let's not spoil the evening by
fighting.' The others put down their rapiers and to your surprise
treat the incident as over. You turn to see who knocked against
you. The young girl dressed as a page boy is wrestling with the
man she was threatening with a dagger. He twists her hand

until she drops the blade then picks it up and moves to slit her
throat. Her eyes, mutely appealing, beseech you to help her. Will
you:
Come to the aid of the young woman by using
your power of Thinkstrike against the man
who has taken her dagger?
Turn to 303
Leave the drinking house quickly?
Turn to 319

323
You leap up suddenly and sprint towards the rocky bluff which
is in fact Falcon's Wing. There are shouts of surprise from the
cavalry men, then Yelov starts blasting. You put Falcon's Wing
between yourself and him, running in an arc, but Yelov opens
up against the cavalry men instead. He kills several and they are
routed. You pull your own blaster, then all goes dark. You have
allowed Yelov to change the history of the west. Crazy Horse
who thought the Great Spirit had sent down lightning to kill the
cavalry men will now lead an army thirty thousand strong,
uniting many tribes. America will not enter the First World
War. You have never existed, your French ancestors were wiped
out in 1919 AD.

324
Your double's reactions are every bit as good as yours and the
table smashes harmlessly against the wall. You draw your
blaster, but the same though passed through your adversary's
mind a split second before yours. Will you:
Throw yourself aside?
Count on your own superb reactions to see
you through?

Turn to 136
Turn to 145

325
After an hour and a half's work you have a rope knotted at
intervals long enough to reach to the ground. As you climb
down a giant insect which resembles a huge dandelion seed-ball
with six jointed legs but without any discernible head floats
above you to tree top level. At last you are down and the puffball being is drifting away on the breeze. The lush blue grass
towers above your head, but you decide to strike out towards a
huge pink flower which you glimpsed from above. The fronds of
grass part easily before you, but you cannot see far ahead.

Suddenly something is scurrying towards you. Its snake-like
head parts the grass as it butts you so hard in the midriff that
you are sent flying backwards. Lose 2 Endurance points. It is a thirtyfoot cross between a reptile and a snake, its sinuous body carried
along by eight squat legs. It is already enfolding you in its grey
coils, its pink tongue darting out at you. Your blaster is squeezed
against your side and you cannot reach it, as your suit is
gradually compressed. Will you:
Try to Thinkstrike the creature?
Turn to 321
Use your Power of Will to attempt to control
it?
Turn to 343
Try to grab its tongue and wrench it?
Turn to 352

326
Galatea shakes her head decisively. 'You stay here, Falcon, you
don't know how to stay alive out there. We'll teach you how.' If
you decide to stay with these people to help them for a time,
turn to 260. If not, you make a break for the door which leads to
a moss covered corridor behind you. A laser-rifle beam hits your
back as you go, but you struggle on out of sight. Your lung is
punctured and blood bubbles at your mouth. Lose 10 Endurance
points. If you are still alive, you force yourself on and there are no
sounds of pursuit as you duck through the hole in the side of the
ruined factory and onto the twisted streetmetal of the cityway
beyond. Turn to 298.

327
CAIN has already disguised Falcon's Wing as a low chalk cliff
and you put on your environment suit and set out to talk to the
Bequali. You have a problem. Your actions may change the
decision of the Bequali to ask to join the Space Federation
headed by Earth. They know of the TIME executive, but you
will be an important ambassador for all of the races in the
Federation. The great amphibian catches sight of you walking
slowly down the beach and it swims to meet you, its huge bulk
curiously graceful. Will you:
Greet it as a lone space traveller in need of
help?
Turn to 341
Tell it that you are a Special Agent of TIME and
suggest that if it helps you, membership of
the Space Federation may be bestowed on
the Bequali?
Turn to 377

328

331

Looking up at the horseman who towers above you, your mind
is concentrated and you hurl a blast of mental energy at him. But
to your surprise nothing happens; he doesn't appear even to
have noticed, yet he should have fallen, stunned, from his horse.
He looks down at his hand and you notice a large red gem
glowing brightly on a ring. He looks at you, his eyes narrowed,
then draws his sword with a ring of tempered steel. Will you:

The rapier cuts open your chest,, but you moved so quickly that
it missed the heart. You lose 5 Endurance points as the wound bleeds
heavily and slip backwards as you are buffeted in the side. One
of the others bends to pick up the table which you knocked
saying, 'Enough, that's a lesson to teach you to mind your
manners to the cavalry men of the Wheel of Chaos.'You turn to
see who knocked against you. The young girl dressed as a page
boy is wrestling with the man she was threatening with a
dagger. He twists her hand until she drops the blade, then picks
it up and moves to slit her throat. Her eyes, mutely appealing,
beseech you to help her. Will you:

Use your blaster on him?
Try to use the Power of your Will to take
control, of his mind?

Turn to 346
Turn to 364

329
'You will both come with me, or your machines will be
destroyed,' says the woman. 'My name is Jahkela. Welcome to
Sandsea.' With that her land fish turns and begins to float at a
speed which you could just match it you tried. Two more land
fish appear and drift towards each of your Time Machines.
Yelov is sealing his environment suit. Will you:
Try to take control of Yelov's mind?
Follow Jahkela?

Turn to 295
Turn to 287

330
Falcon's Wing remains safely where you left it and you land the
flyer as gently as you can, anxious not to cause any vibrations
which might attract the Repnids. You scan the flux of time, but
still seem to be suffering from disorientation brought on by
travelling into the future and you only manage to find one new
timehole of any interest. It seems to contain intelligent life on a
world that is largely sea, possibly Kelados in about the year 2300
AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod as
you jump. Will you jump to:

The sea-covered world?
Turn to 100
The high-gravity world without life that is
probably at least close to Earth?
Turn to 34
The world which may not be Earth, but where
you have detected highly intelligent life
forms?
Turn to 86
The planet which could just possibly be Earth
in the Dark Ages or the days of a lost
civilisation?
.
Turn to 55

Come to the aid of the young woman by using
your power of Thinkstrike against the man
who has taken her dagger?
Turn to 303
Leave the drinking house quickly?
Turn to 319

332
You stay inside Falcon's Wing, which is disguised as a group of
palm trees hoping to stay alive long enough for someone from
the Special Agent Section of TIME to come and pick you up, but
when, on the third day, your Psychic Awareness tells you that
the timehole into which you jumped on this plain has closed up
you are forced to abandon that hope too. At least Yelov cannot
follow you. Wearily you set out to explore your surroundings,
as much to pass the time as anything else. Turn to 318.

333
You tie yourself securely to the outside of the gigantic coconut,
deciding to wait until the night sky reveals its stars and,
hopefully, your position in the galaxy. While you wait you scan
the sky and the rippling sea of blue grass, but nothing comes
close. A strange insect as large as Falcon's Wing floats to the
height of the tree tops some way away; it looks like a giant
dandelion seed-ball with six jointed legs and has no discernible
head. It floats gently away on the wind. Then you see a group of
sleek and slim insects with flattened heads and pointed tails held
aloft above great pink flowers by blurring purple wings. They
fly away as the blazing white ball of the sun slips below view and
the sky darkens to purple and then black. To your surprise the
stars look completely unrecognisable, you cannot even see the
Milky Way. You decide to climb to the base of the fruit and cut a

way through to Falcon's Wing with your blaster. When the hole
is large enough you step through and, climbing to the top of
Falcon's Wing, unscrew the camera from its gymbals. You then
use it to scan the sky repeatedly until CAIN, recording the
picture it receives, has enough information to tell you where in
the universe you are. When you are safely back in your ship
CAIN breaks the bad news to you. You are on the outer spiral
arms of the Andromeda galaxy, light years from Earth, but at
least you can now plot a more accurate course to another
timehole. Turn to 8.

334
As you step out towards them a woman shouts, 'It's one of those
TIME police, they're Enforcers just like the Citpol, they get
written about on Intelfax all the time for doing nothing but
wiping out other races in the past.'A hail of brick and plastcards
rain on you and one knocks you unconscious. You never wake
up.

335
Your ruse seems to be successful. You sense that the Sundew
believe you to be no more than a laboratory animal put into your
flyer as an experiment to see if you could survive in their world.
Unfortunately they decide to use you as such and you are set to
work scooping out a new water channel for them with your
hands. Their control never wavers for they are mind-linked
over great distances and hundreds control you, while others
rest. At length you can keep up the pretence no longer and you
struggle to use your blaster. The flower heads dip towards you
and your environment suit starts to steam. The crystals of
hundreds of flowers are focusing the sun's rays on you and the
suit begins to smoke badly. There is nothing you can do as you
free your blaster. You pass out never to reawaken.

336
'The Saviour will come with me.' She points at Yelov and says,
'Your machine will be destroyed.' Her land fish turns and moves
away at a fast pace and two more float from nowhere towards
Yelov's machine. You turn to follow, but Yelov shouts, 'Stop
Falcon!' and attacks your mind with his powerful will. You are
locked in a titanic struggle, but Yelov's face mask is hit by one of
the floating squid-like beings and another wraps itself around
his neck. He concentrates for as long as he can, but one of the

jelly-like animals flows into his suit through the exhaust ducts
and he chokes. You decide to follow the woman and hope that
the land fish will destroy his Time Machine. Turn to 274.
337
Remorselessly your finger closes on the trigger and the being
that thinks it is you is hurled across the room and destroyed.
You take a pep pill and look around the apartment. Turn to 353.

338
You point the flyer towards the side of the strange skyscraperlike rock and let it settle gently to the ground. The lush blue
grass is in fact made of coarse fronds like bullrushes and it is
even deeper than it looks. As the flyer settles onto the firm
ground you can barely see out of the cockpit through the
wavering blue fronds. You watch for nearly an hour without
seeing anything unusual and the magenta hue of the sky
deepens as the sun sinks towards the horizon. The grass is
disturbed as if by a sudden wind and then there is a thumping
and rasping noise. Something is crawling across the back of the
flyer. It clambers into view and you see that it is something like a
giant brown ant without eyes, but with a huge nozzle instead of
a mouth. It ignores the flyer completely and stalks on through
the parting grass towards the towering rock. Then all goes dark
as a great tide of the giant insects, each as large as the flyer,
pours through the grass like a river. They seem to ignore
everything, scrambling on top of each other and blotting out the
light by the press of their bodies. Will you:
Sit tight?
Try to lift off in case you are crushed under
their combined weight?

Turn to 153
Turn to 144

339
You are too slow and the sword hits your face plate before you
can collect your thoughts. It glows blue-green and a massive
shock overloads your brain. You are left wandering like a
mindless idiot to die in the sand when your air supply runs out.

340 [Score a Y]

If your flyer has been operational, you would have tricked the
Enforcer into sitting in the crash-couch while you pretended to
show her CAIN's files, and pressed the button which would

have sent her and the couch up into the flyer, then launched it.
Instead you will have to use your blaster on her. Turn to 411.

341 [Score an H]
The Bequali greets you and its words, heard through your
Universal Translator, are warm and friendly. It invites you to
climb onto its back so that it can take you to meet its friends at
the building dock. You decline, saying that you need to rest, but
thank it for its offer of hospitality. When it asks what help you
need you explain that you want a welding tool, the words
grating mechanically through the translator speaker, and the
Bequali is gone beneath the waves in a flash. You wait on the
sand for an hour. Then it returns, surging out of the sea like
some claw-footed Kraken. To your relief it drops a welding gun
at your feet and explains how to use it. You thank it and say you
will return the gun to this spot when you have finished. The
Bequali takes the hint that you want to work alone and
disappears beneath the waves once more. It is the work of but an
hour to repair the launch doors, with CAIN's guidance, and,
that done, you leave the welding gun on the beach and return to
Falcon's Wing to try to jump to Earth 3034 AD once more. Turn
to 316.

342
Note that you have used another polybdenum rod as Falcon's
Wing winks out into null-space. CAIN tells you that you have
just been present at the build up to the Fetterman massacre. It
believes that the young Indian who so bravely taunted the
United States' cavalry on the ridge was Crazy Horse. As you
rest in limbo the cavalry are being enticed beyond the ridge, into
a trap between the Sioux on one side and the Cheyenne and
Arapahos on the other. The decoys, led by Crazy Horse, will
split into two groups and then ride across each others' tracks to
signal the charge which will kill all of the footsoldiers, and then
the mounted soldiers will retreat to the rocky heights at the end
of the ridge, to no avail, for the Indians will close in and finish
them off with their bows and arrows. Not one cavalry man will
live to tell the tale and the Indians will mutilate their bodies, as
the white soldiers had done to the Indian dead two years before
at the Sand Creek massacre. After an hour, Falcon's Wing
rematerialises and the outside camera scans your new
landscape. If the number of polybdenum rods which you have
now used stands at 8, turn to 143. If it is less than 8, turn to 152.

343
The creature has no will that you can control, it is following
blind instinct to kill and eat. As its coils tighten your arms are
trapped and the air supply to your helmet is broken off. The
helmet itself has a limited supply, but the creature locks itself
around you and waits for the suit to go cold. You try a
Thinkstrike instead, hurling a blast of thought at the creature
and its coils loosen, allowing you to break free. You run back to
the tree and climb the rope just before it catches you once more,
but the heavy demand for oxygen caused by the climb uses the
helmet's supply up before you reach the top. You black out and
fall to your death in the sea of grass.

344
Will you:
Land the flyer on the side of one of the large
red slag heaps?
Turn to 369
Land on the red soil some way from the trench
which the Repnids are digging?
Turn to 357

345
As you concentrate your thoughts and attack Yelov's mind he is
doing exactly the same. A titanic battle.of wills begins. As you
struggle, you hear the woman saying, 'Which of you is the one?'
Neither of you dare risk losing your concentration to reply, but
the woman goes on, Then I shall assume the first comer is the
Saviour,' and the land fish floats towards Yelov who suddenly
cries, 'No! I am the Saviour!' Your concentration too is broken
and you find yourself considering what to say in reply. Will you
say:
'He lies, it is I?
Turn to 320
'Show us both the way and I will prove that I
am the Saviour'?
Turn to 306
'I didn't come here to save you, if you don't
mind, I'll just be going'?
Turn to 315

346
As you draw your blaster, the horseman swings low in the
saddle and swings his sword, as if to lop off your head. You will
have to fire quickly as his speed is breathtaking. Make an Attack
Roll.

If you score 7-12, turn to 381
If you score 2-6, turn to 400

347
As the flyer is catapulted through the launch doors you cut in
the Ion Drive which bathes Falcon's Wing in a blast of ionizing
flame. The flyer hurtles towards the puckered lip of the
cavernous stomach-like enclosure. You will need every ounce of
skill you possess to steer it safely through. Make an Evasion
Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 382
If you score 2-5, turn to 391

348
It is only the strength of Galatea's will that has kept her alive and
fighting long after everyone she knew has perished and she too
has Powers of the Mind. This will be a difficult clash of wills to
win. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 8-12, turn to 401
If you score 2-7, turn to 393

349
When your double realises that you are showing compassion,
your psychic probing is returned and you open up your minds to
each other so that each can share the other's experiences. What
you find turns you stark staring mad. Your minds are identical
apart from small details. You have had exactly the same
experiences, both have been responsible for foiling the Hiver
Renegade Lord, both have Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy,
both have killed him in an alternative history that never took
place due to the changes you wreaked in the history of the world
Mechanon. Your double remembers Baal exactly as you do, but
you see the world slightly differently. The other Falcon believes
that a mining colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out, but you
know that no such colony exists. The experience is too much for
both of you. You lose your sense of self and you become a
catatonic moron, neither wanting to speak nor even move. Turn
to 264.
350

You regain the safety of Falcon's Wing which is still disguised as

an olive tree without further mishap and sigh heavily at the
prospect of searching the psychic flux of the universe for the
Eiger Vault timehole on Earth once more. If you have tied up a
horseman below Falcon's Wing you know that he will soon be
found, so close to the city, when you have departed this world.
You make a detailed report to CAIN and you can almost feel its
circuits overloading when it starts to project the possibilities of
magical powers, based on what you have told it, but CAIN still
finds the time to chime almost caustically, 'Once again you have
failed to find out any information of real value at this moment,
even when the dominant species is remarkably similar to your
own.'
'Yes, how can that be?' you ask.
'Coincidence is unlikely, your question raises many important
areas for investigation.'
'Let's-just boost this crate into space, shall we?'you say, and scan
the timelines once more. Turn to 3.

351
You cannot now hide the secrets of time travel from the Danikoi
and they will use their new toy, the discovery of time travel, to
change the face of the universe, spreading their decadence
throughout time. It is as if you and the Space Federation had
never existed.

352
You catch the creature by surprise, cruelly wrenching its
sensitive tongue. Its body whips through the blue grass,
flattening it as it uncoils in a spasm and rushes out of sight on its
powerful legs. As it goes, three huge insects fly down to the pink
flower ahead of you. If you would like to climb back to Falcon's
Wing to leave this strange world by setting course for another
timehole, turn to 300. If you wish to continue towards the large
pink flower, turn to 360.

353
Your double is dressed exactly as you are and everything about
the apartment is exactly as you left it before you began this
mission. A half-eaten pack of Berries of the wood mousse, your

favourite food, rests next to the nutrition dispenser and some of
your old hovbike racing magazines lie open on the suspensi-bed,
as if your double had been passing free time exactly as you
would have. Only one detail catches your attention: the random
number generator which tells you whether you have won a free
trip to one of the holiday worlds shows a new number even
though it should not show one until the middle of next month.
You shake your head, still hardly able to cope with battling the
vision of yourself. Suddenly you hear the siren wail of an
Enforcer's jetcopter. Will you:
Call up Jobanque, the Lord of Time who used
to be your Section Leader?
Turn to 370
Go back to the Eiger Vault to consult with
CAIN?
Turn to 379
Leave the building and lose yourself in the
lowlife area, Old Geneva, to give yourself
time to think?
Turn to 388

355
This will be a difficult manoeuvre but at least, this way, you do
not risk damage to Falcon's Wing by turning on the flyer's Ion
Drive too close. Your reactions will be sorely tested. Make an
Evasion Roll to see if you can pull the manoeuvre off.
If you score 7-12, turn to 366
If you score 2-6, turn to 375

356
The young man winces as the force of your Thinkstrike hits
him, but he is used to adversity, on his guard for every moment
of his waking life. The mental attack causes him to pull the
trigger as a reflex and there is a dull thud as the concussion tube
fires. A drowsy numbness overcomes your senses and you
slump to the floor as if he had Thinkstruck you. They do not
allow you to come round. Instead the woman slits your throat in
a single practised movement.

357
354
You aim your blaster at Yelov, but a terrible pain all over your
skin sends you rolling to the sand in agony. Lose 8 Endurance points.
As you recover, you look up to see the woman leaning over you,
the strange sword pulsing with a blue-green light. Your mind
reels as Yelov tries to take control of it using the considerable
powers of his own mind. As you struggle to keep control, you
hear the woman saying, 'Which of you is the one?' Neither you
nor Yelov dare risk losing your concentration to reply, but the
woman goes on, Then I shall assume the first comer is the
Saviour/ and the land fish floats towards Yelov. The pain you
feel means that you are at the end of your tether and Yelov is
winning. You lose 2 more Endurance points for the mental strain, but
as you are about to give in, the attack suddenly stops. Yelov is on
his back on the sand, the woman towering over him, her sword
pulsing blue-green once more. 'No! I am the Saviour!' says
Yelov. The woman looks from you to him. Will you say:
'He lies, it is I?
Turn to 320
'Show us both the way and I will prove that I
am the Saviour'?
Turn to 306
'I didn't come here to save you, if you don't
mind, I'll just be going'?
Turn to 315

The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching as you settle the
flyer down on the red soil, but they make no move towards you,
in fact they are motionless as you climb out of the flyer and walk
slowly towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to
tremble and then shake, as if in an earthquake and you lose your
footing, though the Repnids seem unaffected. The rock beneath
you gives way suddenly. Repnids have tunnelled below the
surface and you fall into a boiling mass of hundreds of Repnid
bodies in a cavern below. The end is swift, as several pairs of
fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra
contaminates your lungs. Nobody will ever know that you were
the first human future traveller.

358
As you reach the plasmetal street below the SocWork building,
you hear the wail of an Enforcer jetcopter. Your double has
called the Enforcement Executive and you are on the run. Will
you:
Call up Jobanque, the Lord of Time who used
to be your Section Leader?
Turn to 370
Go back to the Eiger Vault to consult with
CAIN?
Turn to 379

Leave the building and lose yourself in the
lowlife area, Old Geneva, to give yourself
time to think?

362
Turn to 388

359
You aim your blaster at the same instant as Yelov, but a terrible
pain all over your skin sends you rolling to the sand in agony. Lose
8 Endurance points. Yelov's pistol snout blazes and a crack of
plasma bursts towards you, but there is no sickening jolt, no
more pain. As you recover you look up to see the woman leaning
over you, the strange sword pulsing with a blue-green light, and
her shield glows an iridescent white. She has used it to absorb
the energy of Yelov's blaster. Yelov's half-face is a picture of
surprise inside his environment suit and he rips the helmet off
and takes off a psionic damper circlet. You struggle to your feet.
Will you:
Use your Power of Will to control Yelov?
Turn to 345
Wait to see what the strange woman does next?Turn to 329

360
You tread carefully towards the great flower and the fearsome
insects which cluster around it. Parting the blue fronds of the
tall grass you catch sight of them and use your Psychic
Awareness to probe their alien minds. They are simple versions
of a sophisticated life form which communicates by scent. Their
function is to guard the 'Queenhome' and they cannot even feed
themselves, relying on another form of insect to keep them
alive. Their rigid minds are about to become aware of you. If you
wish to stay and learn more, turn to 404. If you prefer to creep
quietly away and climb back to Falcon's Wing, turn to 300.

361
You manage to regain the safety of Falcon's Wing, as the cavalry
cry out in surprise, before Yelov can realise what has happened.
When you disappear the cavalry men think that you must have
been a Red Indian who has somehow hidden himself and then
slunk off. Inside Falcon's Wing you use the camera to spot Yelov,
now crouching hidden from the cavalry men near the ridge. The
cavalry charge on, their attention firmly fixed on the Red
Indians who seem to be taunting them. One of them wheels his
horse and canters back and forth along the ridge. Anxiously you
scan the flux of time. Turn to 90.

The young man winces as the force of your Thinkstrike hits
him, and it is just enough to overcome him. He is used to
adversity, on his guard for every moment of his waking life, but
he crumples stunned to the cracked plastic floor. The woman
dives for the concussion tube, but you Thinkstrike her as well.
Outside, the Death machine's clanking and whooshing recedes
into the distance and you decide to return to Falcon's Wing
before it is destroyed by one of the machines. Turn to 298.

363
Your ruse seems to have worked. There is a feeling of shock all
around you and your mind is released from the vice-like grip of
the highly intelligent Sundew. Will you:
Demand they sacrifice one of their number and
take it back to Falcon's Wing for analysis? Turn to 373
Ask them if there is a way of repairing your
flyer?
Turn to 385
Simply order them to leave you alone and set
out to walk the several hundred miles back
to Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 397

364
As the horseman's glittering blade cuts downward towards
your neck, you concentrate your will and try to force him to
drop his sword. To your surprise his will is strong, though you
sense that it is wayward. Make a Power of Will Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 196
If you score 2-5, turn to 182

365
You leap up suddenly and sprint towards the rocky bluff which
is in fact Falcon's Wing. There are shouts of surprise from the
cavalry men, then Yelov starts blasting. You put Falcon's Wing
between yourself and him, running in an arc, but Yelov opens
up against the cavalry men instead. He kills several and they are
routed. You pull your own blaster, then all goes dark. You have
allowed Yelov to change the history of the west. Crazy Horse
who thought the Great Spirit had sent down lightning to kill the
cavalry men will now lead an army thirty thousand strong,
uniting many tribes. America will not enter the First World

War. You have never existed, your French ancestors were wiped
out in 1919 AD.

366
As the flyer is catapulted through the launch doors you trigger a
burst of reverse thrust that stops it moments before contact
with the ridged wall of the stomach-like prison. Wrestling with
the controls you hover successfully, then bring the flyer's nose
up gently. As you do so the back dips and you start to fall
backwards towards the milky liquid in which stands Falcon's
Wing. At the last moment you gun the flyer skyward with a
blazing thrust from your Ion Drive, the force of which is
absorbed by the liquid rather than your ship. The cavernous
enclosure fills with the vapourised liquid as you hurtle through
the puckered lip at the top of the curved walls. Turn to 399.

367
You put your blaster back into its holster, but Yelov's pistol
snout blazes and a crack of plasma bursts towards you. You duck
instinctively, knowing that it will be too late, but there is no
sickening jolt, no pain. Looking up you see Yelov's half-face a
picture of surprise inside his environment suit and the woman's
shield is glowing iridescent white. Perhaps the woman is
protecting you. Yelov rips the helmet of his environment suit
off and takes off a psionic damper circlet. Will you:
Use your blaster On him now that he is
defenceless?
Turn to 354
Control him using your Power of Will?
Turn to 345
Wait to see what the strange woman will do? Turn to 336

368
As you leave the inn the young page-boy girl taps you on the
shoulder, then bashes you gently in the ribs and asks why you
didn't spring gallantly to her aid. Your Psychic Awareness
warns you that something is wrong and she suddenly breaks
away from you, sprinting towards an alleyway. With a shock
you realise that she is a pickpocket and has stolen your blaster.
You use your Power of Will against her, but she is completely
unaffected so you give chase. She is fleet of foot and a lesser
athlete would never have caught up with her, but as she runs
towards a burnt out building you tackle her. She wrestles with
you, but you are more than a match for her and at last she gives

up, handing your blaster back to you. As she does so you notice a
gold bracelet on her wrist with a blue gem shaped like a teardrop hanging from it by a chain. You can read her thoughts and
you realise that it is magical - it prevented you from controlling
her mind. 'What is it?' she asks, meaning the blaster, to divert
your attention from the bracelet. You say nothing, but take the
blaster back. If you want to point it at her and tell her to give you
the bracelet, turn to 405. If you would prefer to go back to
Falcon's Wing, turn to 413.

369 [Score an H]
You land the flyer nose upward on the side of the slag heap and
climb out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but
they make no move towards you, in fact they are motionless as
you walk slowly towards them. You halt while still on the
mound of crumbled rock and soil and speak to them, saying, 'I
come in peace, as a friend.' It appears that they cannot hear you,
let alone understand, as your Universal Translator picks up no
answer. You decide to use your Psychic Awareness to contact
them mentally. It is difficult to make sense of their thoughts;
they are terrifyingly alien and your mind recoils from the
contact. You decide that establishing contact again would be
dangerous and return to your flyer, but the experience has
cleared your mind which had been befuddled ever since you
jumped into the future. Once back in Falcon's Wing you find it
quite easy to plot a course for Earth in 3034 AD. Note that you
have used up another polybdenum rod as you jump. Turn to
171.

370
You contact Jobanque, using your Remote Access Terminal
(RAT), and he asks you to come straight to his plush new office
in the domed headquarters of the TIME Executive. As you enter
his office you realise you have walked straight into a trap. A
security guard moves from behind the doorway to point a laserrifle at your head and a trembling medtech plunges a
hypodermic syringe into your arm, knocking you out. Minutes
later you are taken away in a Citpol jetcopter. The Enforcers
take you to the Executive hospital where you are kept under
heavy sedation. A psychic recording of your double's mind is
superimposed on your own. What you find turns you stark
staring mad. Your minds are identical apart from small details.
You have had exactly the same experiences, both have been

responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord, both have
Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him in an
alternative history that never took place due to the changes you
wreaked in the history of the world Mechanon. Your double
remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you both see the world
slightly differently. The other Falcon believes that a mining
colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out, but you know that no
such colony exists. The experience is too much for you. You lose
your sense of self and become a catatonic moron, neither
wanting to speak or even move. Turn to 264.

371
The young page-boy girl runs lightly up behind you and, tapping
you on the shoulder, asks if you would like to come home with
her. If you would, turn to 389, if you would rather return to
Falcon's Wing, turn to 396.

372
Vainly you search the Winds of Time for the Eiger Vault
timehole, but CAIN chimes in warning, 'Agidy Yelov is
approaching with a plasma pistol.' You run to the Access Disc
and it turns to gas. You lean out with your blaster at the ready,
but Yelov is already inside the hologram and a blast from his
plasma pistol catches you in the head, killing you instantly.
Yelov has had his revenge.

373
As soon as the thought forms in your mind one of the Sundew
seems to snap at the base of its stalk and fall to the ground. You
pick it up, but it is quite heavy. Now you are left with the
problem of how to return the several hundred miles to Falcon's
Wing. You decide to ask them if there is a way of repairing your
flyer. Turn to 231.

374
The woman's red eyes plumb your own and her dark bluish lips
part in an inscrutable smile. You are thinking of a suitable reply
when there is the muffled crack of displaced air behind you.
Turning, you see that Yelov's Time Machine has materialised
near your own. The outside camera swings towards you, then
stops. You pull your blaster as Yelov is lowered, his own plasma
pistol at the ready, to the sandy ground below his machine. Tut
the hand-machine away,' the woman says in a voice of

command, and the land fish floats towards you. Yelov is aiming
his pistol at you. Will you:
Turn to 367
Turn to 359

Do as the woman says?
Blast Yelov?

375
As the flyer is catapulted through the launch doors you trigger a
burst of reverse thrust, but you overdo it and the flyer hurtles
backwards once again into one of the legs which supports
Falcon's Wing as you black out from the g-forces that even the
flyer's dampers cannot deal with. Lose 1 Endurance point. When you
regain your senses the flyer is sinking into the milky liquid
which surrounds your Time Machine, its drives flooded. You
have no hope of getting it out, so you will have to attempt to
explore on foot. Note that you have lost your flyer and turn to
89.

376
You dart down the steep span of arcing streetmetal that leads to
the warehouse area, hoping to climb back up behind Falcon's
Wing on the next connecting street that leads to the cityway.
There is a roaring and clattering on the cityway above you. A
large machine has turned on to it, moving away from your Time
Ship. You cross the shadows towards the next street and hear
the voice of somebody in pain calling for help. You can see a
hunched figure of a man against the wall of a half-demolished
warehouse. Will you:
Go over to the man?
Hurry by?

Turn to 390
Turn to 398

377 [Score an R]
The Bequali greets you and its words, heard through your
translator, are warm and friendly. Your words grate mechanically from the translator's speaker as you offer to try to make
sure that the Space Federation will accept the Bequali, in return
for some help. To your dismay the Bequali replies that it has no
wish to join the Space Federation and it turns lumberingly back
towards the sea and is soon lost to sight. You wait for some
hours to see if it will return but a search of the small island you
are on reveals no sign of any Bequali and you decide to return to
falcon's Wing and attempt to jump to Earth 3034 once more,

reflecting that you are not as skilled at diplomacy as you are at
guarding Earth's timelines. Turn to 316.

378
To your relief the air is breathable and no mishap overtakes you
when you remove your helmet and switch off your air supply.
The heavy plant you are carrying is slowing you down and the
atmosphere thins as you move away from the equator of this
ovaloid world. There are fewer of the Sundew here. If you wish
to go on with the prize of the Sundew, turn to 419. If you decide
to leave the plant, turn to 294.

379
Using your Remote Access Terminal (RAT) you summon a
hovcar and you are safely inside as the Citpol jetcopter, its blue
lights flashing, lands on the copter bay of the 200th floor of the
SocWork building. You program in your destination as the
Skate-ezee Hovshoe Ballroom before snapping the 'telltale' lead
which carries information to the Enforcement Executive
computer, the largest in Alpolis. Hitting the override you
reprogram the Eiger Vault as your destination. As your hovrail
car accelerates gently into the tunnel to the Eiger Vault, you can
see a large Citpol Air-raft with laser-cannons hovering above
the lurid green and orange lights of the Skate-ezee. The hovcar
decelerates and stops outside the high security gate. To your
surprise you are allowed inside. Turn to 69.

380
The cavalry charge on past you and you are undiscovered, but
now you are not sure where Yelov is. The attention of the
cavalry men is firmly fixed on the Red Indians who seem to be
taunting them. One of them wheels his horse and canters back
and forth along the ridge. Will you:
Try to steal up to Yelov's Time Machine and
damage it so that he is trapped in Earth's
past?
Lie low and wait?
Try to get back to Falcon's Wing to see if you
can jump to the Eiger Vault 3034 AD yet?

Turn to 11
Turn to 20
Turn to 39

381
The white-hot bolt of superheated plasma takes the horseman

just in time. His sword bites in your neck, but then falls to the
floor as his head is turned into a blackened mass of shredded
flesh and brains. You lose 3 Endurance points, but he is dead. There
is a flurry amongst the crowd as the horseman falls to the floor
and the horse rears. 'A magician,' someone calls.
Someone else shouts, 'Call the Cavalry.' Quickly you look for a
place to hide. Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs.
Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand, but
one is the sign of a coloured ten-spoked wheel and the other
shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek
temples of Earth. You notice people coming and going from
doorways beneath each and decide to investigate. Will you:
Enter the doorway beneath the sign of the
wheel?
Beneath the city of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

382
Your lightning reactions and fingertip precision at the controls
guide you safely through the narrow gap of ridged bone
towards the magenta sky, but the blast of the Ion Drive has
damaged the hatch doors on Falcon's Wing. Note this on your
Agent Profile and turn to 399.

383
You have gone only a hundred metres or so when the most
incredible pair of beings seem to swim into sight ahead of you
from behind a low dune. One is a creature like a fin-less angel
fish the size of a giraffe in its shape and colouring, but there the
resemblance ends. It seems to glide effortlessly on two slender
legs like rubber tubes. It has cord-like tentacles which loop and
curl in the air. One trails a near-transparent globe holding
another smaller creature. Where you might have expected eyes
to be there are only two holes into which the second creature
has placed various unusual looking objects. This second creature
is harder to believe in than the first. It looks very much like a
beautiful woman wearing little bar a black cloak that floats in
the breeze. She is riding the land fish beast and she carries a
polished metal shield, a tall silver sceptre and a sword which
looks more like a technological device than a weapon for hacking
and hewing at flesh with. Her face seems slightly bloated as if
the low pressure of this world was allowing her cheeks to swell

and she has a look of sleek haughtiness which combined with
the unexpectedness of what you see leaves you, for once, at a
loss for what to do. They float towards you, her long black hair
trailing in the wind, like a bizarre apparition, and the land fish
stops ten metres away without any command from the woman.
She speaks and your translator makes sense of the strangely
distant sounding uttering, 'Is that a machine? I thought you
would float down from the stars.' Turn to 374.

384
As you sprint across the open space at the crossroads you look to
the right to see a tank as large as a small stratocruiser rolling
towards you on broad metal tracks. It has an energy cannon
mounted on a revolving armoured turret and pulse lasers,
pointing forward, along its sides. You run on, but the turret
whirs menacingly as it tracks you and an energy projectile from
the cannon explodes on the streetmetal behind you. You are
hurled thirty feet down the cityway and your neck and back are
damaged. You lose 12 Endurance points. If you are still alive, the
Death tank will trundle around the corner in five seconds' time
and you are seventy metres away from Falcon's Wing. Will you:
Pick yourself up and run on?
Turn to 259
Lie motionless and hope that it goes the other
way?
Turn to 245
Turn and blast as it rounds the corner?
Turn to 225

385
It soon becomes obvious that the Sundew know nothing about
any type of mechanical transport. They have no roots and are
able to move themselves from place to place by thought alone so
have no need of machines which fly, though they cannot move
through space. There is no hope for your flyer, but the bizarre
and beautiful plants suggest that you relax and let them 'think'
you back to the ice waste from where you came. If you trust
them, turn to 314. If you would rather set out to walk back the
several hundred miles, turn to 238.

386
You find a timehole that is open in Earth's past, but when you
engage the Variac Drive, nothing happens. You have no
polybdenum rods left to fuel it. You are marooned in Earth's

past. CAIN chimes a warning, 'Agidy Yelov is approaching with
a plasma pistol.' You run to the Access Disc and it turns to gas.
You lean out with your blaster at the ready, but Yelov is already
inside the hologram and a blast from his plasma pistol catches
you in the head, killing you instantly, Yelov has had his revenge.
387
Choosing a hole about five hundred feet from the base of the
unnatural gigantic monolith, you turn on the flyer's head lamps
and cautiously cruise into the rock itself. The flyer is not
handling quite as sweetly as normal, but you are soon inside a
maze of tunnels and in an opening in front of you are four
coppery-coloured insects, each larger than the flyer, with
wicked looking black mouthparts which thresh the air like
scimitars. Their backs are hidden beneath purple wing cases.
Bringing the flyer to a neat stop you use you power of Psychic
Awareness to contact them, but they are thinking just one thing
as they fly towards you: 'KILL'. Will you:

Make a rapid U-turn in the opening and fly
back to Falcon's Wing?
Accelerate down a tunnel to the right?

Turn to 123
Turn to 117

388
You duck behind a street repair unit as a Citpol jetcopter whines
overhead, sirens wailing. It settles on the 'copter bay of the
200th floor of the SocWork building, lights flashing. You take to
the lower streets, lose yourself in the shadows behind the huge
Intelfax warehouse and run down into the streets of Old
Geneva. As you emerge into the lowlife area of the city the
stench of sewers bathes you. The dark, squat buildings are made
of old-fashioned concrete, a few even of bricks, which before
your career with TIME you had only seen in architectural
museums. The Enforcers of Citpol seldom penetrate to these
depths, preferring to leave the lowlifers to their own devices.
There are no pedways or plasma sensors down here, just tawdry
graffiti and cracked tarmac. Safe for the moment from the
Jetcopters of the Enforcers, you pause for thought outside the
ramshackle Realtime Release holo-cinema. You have just
decided to return to the Vault to consult CAIN when a
commotion further down the cracked and potholed tarmac
street claims your attention. A great crowd of people wearing
hard hats and carrying large plastcards are marching towards

you. The plastcards have messages written in obsolete
compugraphics on them: 'Enforcers out of Old Geneva' and
'Clean up Old Geneva, sweep the Enforcer scum from the
streets'. As they approach you see they are a motley crew of
lowlifers, roused from the drugged hypnotism of the visibooths for once in their normally vacant lives. They look a sorry
sight, dressed in a bizarre patchwork of soiled cast-offs, some
even are limping, obviously they cannot even be bothered to
seek medical help, others have allowed their facial hair to grow,
most unusual in 3034. This must be some kind of demonstration, but now you know that something is wrong for the
lowlifers of your world would never have roused themselves
from their lethargy to become the angry mob they are now. As
they notice you, some begin to hurl bricks at you. Will you:
Turn and run?
Walk out and try to pacify them?
Pull out your blaster?

Turn to 285
Turn to 334
Turn to 293

389
The page-boy girl smiles winsomely at you and takes your arm,
guiding you away from the huge many-hailed building towards
a run-down quarter of the city. Suddenly she throws herself
against you, knocking you off your balance as three hooded
figures rush out of a doorway behind you. You spin round, but
the venomed tip of a short sword is buried into your side and
you fall in helpless spasms to the cobbled road. The page-boy girl
says, 'Your sword, if you please, Young Lord Min.' You goggle
helplessly as the stocky young cut-throat hands her the sword.
Your mind reels helplessly as she plunges it into your mouth and
on into your brain.

390
As you walk towards him, you see a pathetic looking figure with
a livid red slash across his face. His clothes are in tatters. He
Stands up and staggers towards you, then explodes in a roaring
ball of orange flame. It was an infiltrator, a robot built by the
Hiyers and designed to trick the resistance fighters into thinking
it is one of them. The fireball chars you to a cinder, killing you
instantly.

391
Even your lightning reactions and fingertip precision at the

controls are not enough to guide you safely through the narrow
gap of ridged bone towards the magenta sky. The flyer hurtles
into the ridged wall below the top of the cavernous stomach-like
enclosure which surrounds Falcon's Wing rocks. The flyer rocks
unsteadily, then falls, spinning sickeningly towards the milky
liquid which surrounds your Time Ship. You struggle to right it
but there isn't time and the flyer plunges into the liquid. Its
drives are flooded and there is no hope of recovering it. Note on
your Agent Profile that you have lost your flyer. You will have
to explore your situation on foot. Turn to 89.

392 [Score an L]
Falcon's Wing warps out into null-space and you hope that
Yelov has guessed wrongly and opted to jump to North
America, if he is following you at all. Note that you have used
another polybdenum rod on your Agent Profile. After an
uneventful hour in null-space, during which time you rest in
your Autodoc, you rematerialise once more. You switch on the
scanners to look at this new and unknown world. All around
you stretches a sea of yellow sand dunes. A large white planet
looms oppressively close above the horizon and the sun is a fiery
orange ball in an orange sky, but the strangest thing is that the
winds of this arid planet carry a floating population of white
spores and orange creatures which look like a cross between a
jelly-fish, amoeba and squid rolled into one. It is almost as if the
air is a sea in which a myriad life forms drift aimlessly. You can
see no sign of intelligent life but CAIN reports on the conditions
outside. It is hot, sixty-nine degrees Celsius and even if you
could breathe the air your lungs would eventually dry out and
you would suffocate. The gravity is only a half of that of Earth.
The Winds of Time are still confused, obscuring all other
timeholes now, so you settle down to wait. After a time, the
feeling that you are just waiting for Yelov to come and destroy
Falcon's Wing is too much for you. CAIN disguises the Time
Ship as a dune and you go outside in your environment suit to
explore. Turn to 383.

393
Your will is not powerful enough to subdue Galatea, she snaps a
command and the beams of four laser-rifles chop you neatly into
pieces. Death is instantaneous.

394
The cavalry charge on past you and you are undiscovered, but
now you are not sure where Yelov is. The attention of the
cavalry men is firmly fixed on the Red Indians who seem to be
taunting them. One of them wheels his horse and canters back
and forth along the ridge. You consider what to do next, but
Yelov has crept up on you unseen and his plasma pistol stops
your thoughts for ever. Yelov has had his revenge.

395
If you no longer have your flyer in Falcon's Wing or if the launch
doors are not operational, turn to 340. If you do have your flyer
and the doors work, you pretend to press the button which gives
access to CAIN's files, but press instead the button which
prepares the flyer for launch. The Enforcer is covering your
every move with her disruptor, but she is taken completely by
surprise as the crash-couch swings rapidly upwards into takeoff position in the flyer. CAIN realises what you are doing and
launches the flyer automatically. The flyer hurtles out of
Falcon's Wing, into the rack of tools which lines the bay. The
cockpit was not closed and the Enforcer's limp body falls from
the wrecked flyer, her head lolling at an unnatural angle. 'That
action was somewhat precipitate CAIN,' you say.
CAIN's chimes burble in a poor imitation of laughter,
something you have never heard before. 'Precipitate, but
necessary, Falcon, this world is not our Earth. When I linked into
the TIME Executive Service Computer, I noticed a number of
anomalies. We are in a parallel universe Falcon, this is not our
world.'
'How did this happen?' you ask.
'A malfunction in the Variac Drive, Falcon. I have taken steps to
ensure that the same thing happens in reverse next time we
jump.' The scanners show that the second Enforcer is trying to
help his fallen comrade. Is there anything you wish to do before
you jump back to your own universe? If you wish to jump
straight away, turn to 17, if not, turn to 282.

396
You regain the safety of Falcon's Wing which is still disguised as

an olive tree without further mishap and sigh heavily at the
prospect of searching the psychic flux of the universe for the
Eiger Vault timehole on Earth once more. If you have tied up a
horseman below Falcon's Wing you know that he will soon be
found, close to the city, when you have departed this world. You
make a detailed report to CAIN and you can almost feel its
circuits overloading when it starts to project the possibilities of
magical powers, based on what you have told it, but CAIN still
finds time to chime almost caustically, 'Once again you have
carried the diplomatic flag of the empire with distinction, Falcon.
If it were not for the fact that we are about to run out of
polybdenum rods and become stranded in time and space I
expect you would manage to make enemies of every sentient
species in the universe. Your performance is particularly poor in
this case since the beings in question appear to be almost the
same species as yourself.'
"Yes, how can that be?' you ask.
'Coincidence is unlikely. Your question raises many important
areas for investigation.'
'Let's just boost this crate into space, shall we?' you say, and scan
the timelines once more. Turn to 3.

397
You realise that they have sensed your thoughts and will not
hinder you on your long trek. Turn to 238.

398
As you run by, the man lurches to his feet and staggers towards
you. His face has a livid red wound running across it and his
clothes are in tatters. Will you:

Falcon's Wing is a fruit like a giant coconut at the top of one of
the straight-stemmed trees. The ground is covered by lush blue
grass which waves in the wind like a sea, and pink flowers as
large as cherry trees are visited by a myriad huge insects whose
wings fan the grasses as they hover. There are no machines or
cities in sight. Will you:
Fly towards the horizon and the bright white
sun in search of civilisation?
Turn to 408
Descend gently towards one of the large pink
flowers and try to establish contact with one
of the insects?
Turn to 417

400
At the last moment you realise he has quickened the speed of his
blow and decide to duck before your head parts company with
your shoulder, as your finely honed instincts, those of a trained
combateer, take over. Make an Evasion Roll.
If you score 6-12, turn to 407
If you score 2-5, turn to 415

401
Your strength of will is as great as ever, despite being lost in
time and in the wrong universe. Galatea's will to resist
crumbles. Will you:
Tell her to order four people who are holding
laser-rifles to guard you as you go back to
Falcon's Wing?
Turn to 301
Simply get her to order the people of the cell
to leave you alone?
Turn to 311

402
Use your Psychic Awareness to contact him?
Sprint on away from him?

Turn to 51
Turn to 70

399
The flyer bursts from its strange confines and you bring it down
into level flight before looking about. The sight which greets
you takes your breath away. Great grey trees slide beneath the
flyer. They tower hundreds of feet from the ground, below the
magenta canopy of the sky. The strange thing which encloses

If you have already used up eight polybdenum rods, turn to 71.
If not, you pretend to press the button which gives access to
CAIN's files but press instead the button which engages the
Variac Drive. Note that you have used up another polybdenum
rod. The Enforcer is covering your every move with her
disruptor, but as everything goes grey and hazy around her she
panics. 'What have you done?' she screams.
You reply calmly, 'We are travelling through time into the deep

past. If you wish to return home you will have to do as I say.
Your powers extend over Earth in 3034 AD, you have none
here. I am a Section Leader of the TIME police and I am placing
you under arrest.' You hold your hand out for the disruptor and
she gives it to you. You tie her up, then wait for Falcon's Wing to
rematerialise. While you are waiting, you consult CAIN.

control one, but it cannot stop the others and even though your
blaster cuts a swathe through them you are at last plucked from
the tree and cut into two by the scything, scimitar-like
mouthparts of one of your foes. They will never know that you
were the first future-traveller of all time.

'Falcon, this world is not our Earth. When I linked into the TIME
Executive Service Computer, I noticed a number of anomalies.
We are in a parallel universe, Falcon, this is not our world.'

She begins to shake her head, a look of fear in her eyes. You can
tell that the bracelet is her most treasured possession, but it
would be very useful to you and it would help you in your job
which is to save people's lives, If you think it is right to take one
life to save others you can blast her and take the bracelet, turn to
418. If not, you return quickly to Falcon's Wing before any more
dangers can befall you, turn to 396.

405

'How did this happen?' you ask.
'A malfunction in the Variac Drive, Falcon. I have taken steps to
ensure that the same thing happens in reverse next time we
jump.' As you expected, since you had not entered the
coordinates to take you to any destination, Falcon's Wing
rematerialises in the Eiger Vault of the parallel universe in 3034
AD. You drag the Enforcer to the back of the bay. Is there
anything else you would like to do before jumping back to your
own universe? If there is, turn to 282. If you wish to jump
straight away, turn to 17.

403
You land safely on the flat grey rocks and climb out of the flyer's
cockpit. The rocks are fringed by twenty or so of the beautiful
red sunflower plants, which are about eight feet tall. You decide
not to risk opening your mind to them, as you have just killed
several with the exhaust of the flyer. Will you:

406

Jahkela is nimble footed and although you have dodged her she
is about to lunge again when the blast of mental energy you hurl
at the land fish takes effect. There is a look of anguish on her
face as it begins slowly to float upwards, like a balloon, its
tentacles trailing limply down. Jahkela grabs it legs to stop it
floating away, dropping the nerve sword. You pick it up and
walk back to Falcon's Wing. There is no sign of Yelov, he must
have jumped to another timehole as you can see the marks in the
land where his Machine once stood. Planting the nerve sword
point first in the sand, since you don't wish to deprive Jahkela of
her tool of power, you allow yourself to be drawn up into
Falcon's Wing. Turn to 409.

407
Hurriedly cut one down and take it to Falcon's
Wing for analysis?
Turn to 53
Simply walk among them in search of the alien
which tried to control your mind?
Turn to 40

404
As soon as the insects catch the scent of your environment suit
their kill reflexes take over. You manage to defeat them using
your blaster after a terrifying battle and you decide to climb back
to the safety of Falcon's Wing. Unfortunately, as you cling to the
exposed trunk of the tall grey tree, more of the monstrous
insects than you can count fly to the attack. The deaths of their
identical twins do not deter them. You use your Power of Will to

The horseman sees that you are about to duck and he angles his
blow downward but your cat-like reactions are too quick for his
practised sword arm. The honed edge of his sword chops your
hair shorter, but you are safe and you decide to kill him with the
blaster before he can bring the blade down on you again. The
white-hot bolt of superheated plasma takes the horseman just
in time. His sword bites into your neck, but then falls to the floor
as his head is turned into a blackened mass of shredded flesh and
brains. You lose 3 Endurance points, but he is dead. There is a flurry
amongst the crowd as the horseman falls to the floor and the
horse rears. 'A magician,' someone calls.
Someone else shouts, 'Call the Cavalry.' Quickly you look for a

place to hide. Under two bridges nearby are two painted signs.
Both have ornate writing which you cannot understand, but
one is the sign of a coloured ten-spoked wheel and the other
shows a city with many pillared buildings like the ancient Greek
temples of Earth. You notice people coming and going from
doorways beneath each and decide to investigate. Will you enter
the:
Doorway beneath the sign of the wheel?
City of temples?

Turn to 119
Turn to 128

408
You skim the tops of the strange grey trees, then out across a
rolling plain of the lush, blue grass like an ocean with a heavy
swell, but instead of white horses the hillocks are capped with
lines of tall feathery orange and pink flowers - the effect of
these colours under the deep magenta sky and the dazzling
white sun is quite bewitching. A purple shadow shows to your
right and you swing the flyer around in a gentle arc. Ahead of
you now is what looks like a half natural skyscraper, its
shadowed side facing you is the purple of the ocean depths. You
slow down and hover before the base of the towering edifice
which looks as if it was moulded out of rock. Smooth holes
appear to have been drilled in its side at regular intervals. This is
the first thing you have seen which suggests some sort of
civilised outlook. Will you:
Fly into one of the tunnels?
Turn to 387
Land the flyer in the tall blue grasses and wait
to see if something comes out?
Turn to 338
Abandon your exploration of this strange
planet and return to Falcon's Wing to set
course for another timehole?
Turn to 310

409
As you rest inside Falcon's Wing once more you notice that the
outside camera is obscured by one of the floating squid-like
beings that swim through the air of Sandsea. Indeed, a great
shoal of them are approaching, CAIN warns. You search the
timelines, the Winds of Time are blowing a maelstrom. The only
timehole that is open is one in Earth's remote past. At least if you
are stranded there someone may come to find you. Falcon's

Wing lurches violently as if one of the land fish had collided with
it. If the number of polybdenum rods which you have now used
stands at eight, turn to 161. If it is at seven, turn to 168. If it is
less than seven, turn to 179.

410
You manage to keep control, your will unbowed by the
knowledge that you are lost in time, and the attack on your mind
fails completely when your Ion Drive scorches several of the
flowers badly. They must be the intelligent Sundew. If you now
wish to land on an area of flat grey rock, turn to 403. If you
would prefer to return to Falcon's Wing, turn to 307.

411
The Enforcer covers your every move with her disruptor, but
you switch a recording of your landing on the planet Zorgon on
the scanner while pretending to switch on CAIN, and her
attention is momentarily distracted. She is ready and leaps back
as you draw your blaster and fire. She surrenders, but you have
blasted a hole in the floor and badly damaged your Variac Drive.
Your prospects of finding a new Drive and a team to fit it are
non-existent, so you give yourself up. You are taken to the
Health Executive hospital in Alpolis and a psychic recording of
your double's mind is superimposed on your own. What you
find turns you stark staring mad. Your minds are identical apart
from small details. You have had exactly the same experiences,
both have been responsible for foiling the Hiver Renegade Lord,
both have Agidy Yelov as a mortal enemy, both have killed him
in an alternative history that never took place due to the
changes you wreaked in the history of the world Mechanon.
Your double remembers Baal exactly as you do, but you see the
world slightly differently. The other Falcon believes that a
mining colony on Tau Ceti V has been wiped out, but you know
that no such colony exists. The experience is too much for you.
You lose your sense of self and become a catatonic moron,
neither wanting to speak nor even move. Turn to 264.

412
You are not fast enough and one of the insects manages to cut
the attitude control to the flyer's Ion Drive, by an unlucky
chance. The flyer cannons off the wall of the tunnel and grinds
to a halt. A river of giant insects with great tubes in place of

mouthparts pours down the tunnel towards you and they spurt
a coating of yellow liquid over the flyer. It hardens to concrete in
seconds sealing you in a lonely tomb.

out near the stage, so you choose this moment to leave
unnoticed and return to Falcon's Wing. Turn to 350.

413

As you glide towards one of the pink petals with their lace-like
veins of violet clustering towards the flower's centre, you can
identify at least three separate kinds of insect, each much larger
than the flyer. The first are sleek and shining black with
flattened heads and pointed tails held aloft by blurring purple
wings. Three of them cluster about the flower until a larger
black and copper-coloured insect with wicked looking blade-like
mouthparts darts quickly towards the flyer. Above you is what
looks like a giant dandelion seed-ball with six jointed legs and no
discernible head. Will you:

You let the page-boy girl go and set off for Falcon's Wing at a
run. 'Weak,' the girl calls after you as she ducks through a low
doorway out of sight. You hurry on out of the city. Turn to 396.

414
'Going to have another try, are we?' chimes CAIN. You are on
the planet Sundew, but CAIN cannot yet tell you, from
observation of the heavens what year it is, and the digital
readout registers 0000. Due to the disorientation caused by
travelling into the future you find it difficult to locate the correct
hole in the flux of time. There would seem now to be four
possibilities, some of which you may already have tried, but you
cannot be sure. Will you set co-ordinates for:
A high-gravity world which may be close to
Earth?
Turn to 34
A world which may be where Earth should be
it is certainly heavily populated?
Turn to 18
A planet which could possibly be the Earth in
the Dark Ages?
Turn to 55
A planet which is largely sea and has intelligent
life?
Turn to 100

417

Wait where you are?
Turn to 291
Fly back to Falcon's Wing as fast as you can and
set course for another timehole?
Turn to 310
Turn away from the approaching insect and
use your Ion Drive to fry it?
Turn to 271

418
It is over in a moment, her chest steams and bubbling blood
soaks the ground as you stow your blaster and place the bracelet
on your own wrist. Note that you have the tear-drop gem on
your Agent Profile. You decide to return to Falcon's Wing
before your crime is discovered. Turn to 396.

415

419

The horseman sees you about to duck and sweeps the sword
blade lower. You can still see the world doing gambols around
your head as it spins away from your body, then death takes
you.

After an exhausting march comes the realisation that you have
made the wrong decision. Your air is almost used up by the time
you are approaching the edges of the plain of permafrost. Now
that you are forced to take off your helmet you find that there is
almost no atmosphere on this ovaloid world far from the
equator, certainly not enough oxygen to breath. You die of
oxygen starvation at the edge of the frost wastes of planet
Sundew.

416
As you watch the entertainment, which lasts into the evening,
you realise that magic is commonplace on this world and they
have no need of technology. The entertainment is decadent,
even disgusting, but you cannot deny that these people are
civilised. It seems they worship a god called Threnoday, in
whose existence everybody believes. There seem to be no laws,
everyone can do exactly as they please, but this often leads to
trouble. They are all drinking a heady wine, and a fight breaks

420
The relief you feel as you see Section Leader Skirrow's face is
indescribable. Two firsts for you, Falcon: first Farther future
traveller and first Earther to enter a time stasis-field. Of course
we knew you would pull through as soon as we got the message

in 3030 AD. We've known you would survive whatever mission
you were entrusted with ever since you left the Academy, but
you're on your own now.' Jobanque, too, is in the room, smiling
as ever. He says, 'Clever of you to time the field so that it would
wear off in time for you to watch Lord Pilota in the next solar
racer Grand Prix, and a good move to make sure neither you nor
Agidy Yelov were given access to it. Speaking of Yelov, I'm
making him your next mission,' He sees the blank look on your
face and says hurriedly, 'Well there's time to speak of that
tomorrow, the other agents are policing the timelines. You look
as if you need a rest.' You nod determinedly and Skirrow calls
you a hovrail car. The knowledge that they have known that
you would survive each of your previous missions is almost too
much for you to take in. Wasn't it Skirrow's fault that you got
lost in time anyway you think to yourself? He must have known
what was in store for you when he allowed you to go on the
mission. You think back to a few days ago when you met
Skirrow outside Falcon's Wing. AH the time he knew, but didn't
tell you. Skirrow sees the accusing look in your eye as you hand
him the capsule containing CAIN's memory. 'We reprogrammed CAIN to make it a better companion for you on your
travels.'
Thanks, thanks a trip to Jupiter,' you say. 'That was a real help,'
You are already stalking away to the hovrail as Skirrow says,
'Well, we assumed you wanted to go, since you expressly
forbade us to let you see the message when it arrived five years
ago. I don't know what you've been through,' But you are
already leaving the Vault. You feel as if you have aged fifty years
and the lines on your face are not just the lines of stress.

SCORING FOR FALCON 3: THE RACK OF BAAL
If you have played Falcon 3: The Rack of Baal and would like to rate
your skill as an Agent of TIME, here are the points equivalent of
the letters you should have recorded.
Q = -1 B = +1 E = -1 J = +1 P = -1 G = +1
S = -1 V = +1

If your score was:
-5 or below
You are offered a job you can't refuse - tying Silvermane's
bootlaces.
-4
to-2
Demoted to Cadet - 'Get back to the Academy, Falcon.'
-2 to 0
Take a three-week refresher course at the Academy.
1-3
Congratulations, you deserve your place in the Special Agent
Section.

4
Well done, a highly competent performance - your hologram
has gone up in the Hall of Fame.
5
You're the best agent TIME has ever had - you're on-line for
promotion.
6
As long as you are alive, the earth is safe.

